---
description: "\U0001F433 New Python versions, optimizing Django Docker builds with
  uv, automatic dead-link detection, and more."
newsletter: Django News
number: 288
published: 2025-06-06 10:00:00+00:00
title: 'Django security releases issued: 5.2.2, 5.1.10, and 4.2.22'
url: https://django-news.com/issues/288
---

# [Django security releases issued: 5.2.2, 5.1.10, and 4.2.22](https://django-news.com/issues/288)

🐳 New Python versions, optimizing Django Docker builds with uv, automatic dead-link detection, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django security releases issued: 5.2.2, 5.1.10, and 4.2.22

  <p>Django issues security patches in 5.2.2, 5.1.10, and 4.2.22, resolving a moderate severity log injection vulnerability in internal logging via unescaped <code>request.path</code>.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python 3.13.4, 3.12.11, 3.11.13, 3.10.18 and 3.9.23 are now available!

  <p>The Python 3.13.4 release includes over 300 bug fixes, and every version of Python has received three security updates.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### django-unicorn - Request for maintainer(s) 

  <p>Django-unicorn seeks new maintainers to help evolve its interactive component library, address complexity, improve features, and support continued development within Django projects.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python Packaging Ecosystem Survey

  <p>Participate in Anaconda’s survey to share your Python packaging experiences and resource preferences, helping guide future improvements in the packaging ecosystem.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### Closing the gap: strict CSP in the Django world

  <p>Inching closer to strict CSP compatibility for the Django ecosystem.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Optimizing Django Docker Builds with Astral’s `uv`

  <p>Astral’s uv dramatically accelerates and secures Django Docker builds by leveraging multi-stage images, cache mounts, and strict lockfile verification for deterministic dependency management.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Give Your Django Admin X‑Ray Vision - Automatic Dead‑Link Detection

  <p>django-linkcheck is a Django app that automates dead link detection in URLFields and HTML content, schedules checks, and provides an admin interface.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Loopwerk: An easy way to use different serializers for different actions and request methods in Django REST Framework

  <p><code>ActionSerializerModelViewSet</code> lets Django REST Framework developers assign specific read and write serializers per viewset action or method with fallback logic.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django: Deferred constrain enforcement

  <p>PostgreSQL deferrable unique constraints in Django ORM allow postponing integrity checks until transaction commit to avoid transient conflicts when bulk updating related records.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Validating a new project

  <p>Leveraging PyCon open spaces and sprints delivers actionable early feedback and use cases for new Python tools like py-bugger and django-simple-deploy.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### SQLite Virtual Tables from Django

  <p>Integrate custom Rust-based SQLite virtual tables into Django by loading extensions on connection creation and auto-defining virtual tables for models to query external data.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How to split up a Django monolith without using microservices

  <p>django-queuebie offers a synchronous command and event message queue to decouple, modularize and test complex Django business logic across internal apps without microservices.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Preserving referential integrity with JSON fields and Django

  <p>Use django-json-schema-editor’s <code>JSONField</code> with JSON schema definitions and <code>register_data_reference</code> to enforce <code>on_delete=PROTECT</code> referential integrity for model ids in JSON, illustrated with galleries</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django Fellow Report

  ### Fellow Report - Natalia Bidart

  <p>Seven tickets triaged, six reviewed, three authored, and monthly Security Council call.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## DjangoCon Videos

  ### Keynote: Django needs you! (to do code review)

  <p>Django Fellow Sarah Boyce's keynote on how/why to contribute to Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django + HTMX: Patterns to Success with Lucas Pires

  <p>A talk on tried and tested patterns for building applications using Django and HTMX.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### End-to-end testing Django applications using Pytest with Playwright by Jacob Rief

  <p>How to evolve unit tests using Beautifulsoup into end-to-end tests using Playwright.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### AI-Powered Django Development & Consulting

  <p>REVSYS specializes in seamlessly integrating powerful AI technologies, including GPT-4, into your existing Django applications. Your Django project deserves modern, intelligent features that enhance user engagement and streamline content workflows.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Chat #184: PHP Web Frameworks - Roman Pronskiy

  <p>Roman Pronskiy is the Executive Director of the PHP Foundation and a Developer Advocate at JetBrains. We discuss PHP’s evolution over the years, Laravel vs Symfony, and what Python can learn from the PHP ecosystem.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django Forum

  ### Proposal: Lazy loading for `django.contrib.gis.gdal`

  <p>Proposal to implement lazy loading in <code>django.contrib.gis.gdal</code>, matching GEOS behavior, so <code>django.setup()</code> won’t fail when GDAL isn’t installed unless needed.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### AndrewIngram/django-extra-views

  <p>Django's class-based generic views are awesome, let's have more of them.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### simonw/django-plugin-datasette

  <p>Django plugin to run Datasette inside of Django.</p>

  [None](None)