---
description: Django 5.1.6 bugfix release, Python 3.13.2 and 3.12.9, official MongoDB
  backend support, DjangoCon Africa CFP, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 271
published: 2025-02-07 11:00:00+00:00
title: Official MongoDB Backend Support
url: https://django-news.com/issues/271
---

# [Official MongoDB Backend Support](https://django-news.com/issues/271)

Django 5.1.6 bugfix release, Python 3.13.2 and 3.12.9, official MongoDB backend support, DjangoCon Africa CFP, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django 5.1.6, 5.0.12, and 4.2.19 bugfix release

  <p>Two new bugfixes in the latest update.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### MongoDB Django Backend Now Available in Public Preview

  <p>The Official Django MongoDB Backend is now available in public preview.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python 3.13.2 and 3.12.9 now available!

  <p>Python 3.13.2 and 3.12.9 are maintenance releases.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Updates to Django

  ### Boost Your Git DX second update out now

  <p>Adam Johnson's excellent book, <a href="https://cur.at/of46WHW">Boost Your Git DX</a>, now has a second update available!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### Enjoy a smoother content experience with Wagtail 6.4

  <p>Our newest features help you create and organize quality content even faster</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Buff your Monolith

  <p>Scout Monitoring delivers performance metrics, detailed traces and query stats for all your app routes with a five-minute setup. Add our Log Management and have everything you need to make your Django app shiny and fast. Get started for free at https://try.scoutapm.com/djangonews</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Creating the MongoDB Database Backend for Django

  <p>Jib Adegunloye is the lead software developer on the official MongoDB database backend for Django. He writes here about the long process of brining official support to life.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### First month on Django’s Steering Council

  <p>Carlton Gibson shares some thoughts from the Django 6.x Steering Council.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### (Re)naming things is hard

  <p>MP 133: Naming things is hard, but renaming things can be even harder.</p>

<p>I've been steadily working through the remaining issues that should be closed before the 1.0 release of django-simple-deploy. One of the last things to address involves reconsidering a name that's used throughout the project.</p>

<p>Renaming a</p>

  [None](None)

  ### The Ultimate Guide to Django Templates

  <p>A very in-depth guide on everything related to Django templates, including the different types and how to use them.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Better unit-tests for your emails with Django 5.2

  <p>Django 5.2 introduces a new helper method, <code>body_contains()</code>, that simplifies unit-testing email content, making it easier to assert text-based content across plain-text and HTML emails.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### Call for Proposals for DjangoCon Africa 2025 is now open!

  <p>The Call for Proposals is now open and will run from the 1st of February to the 31st of March 2025.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Speaking at DjangoCon Africa

  <p>A guide to the selection process, presentation types, proposal guidelines, and suggested topics for speaking at DjangoCon Africa.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### Let’s Switch Things Up: Using MongoDB in an Intro Django Project

  <p>A beginner-friendly tutorial on creating a new project with a MongoDB backend.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Hiring Web Services Engineer

  <p>This position is for someone who can bring their python software development experience to support Playdate, Game Publishing, and our Apps! You would be responsible for contributing to and maintaining our growing flock of Flask and Django web applications.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Chat #175: The Future of Django with Emma Delescolle

  <p>Emma is a longtime Django community member and newly elected member of the Django 6.x Steering Council. We discuss the future of Django, what it can learn from the Ember community, class-based views, django-ninja, and more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### mongodb-labs/django-mongodb-backend

  <p>Official MongoDB Django Backend.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### meeb/django-distill

  <p>Minimal configuration static site generator for Django.</p>

  [None](None)