---
description: "\U0001F38A DjangoCon US 2025 Announced, Wagtail 6.3.2, articles, projects,
  and much more!"
newsletter: Django News
number: 266
published: 2025-01-03 11:00:00+00:00
title: "\U0001F38A DjangoCon US 2025, Wagtail Updates, and Tips for Django Developers"
url: https://django-news.com/issues/266
---

# [🎊 DjangoCon US 2025, Wagtail Updates, and Tips for Django Developers](https://django-news.com/issues/266)

🎊 DjangoCon US 2025 Announced, Wagtail 6.3.2, articles, projects, and much more!

  ----

  ## News

  ### DjangoCon US 2025 has been announced!

  <p>DjangoCon US 2025 is heading to Chicago this September 8 - 12th—mark your calendar, prepare your talk submissions, and join the excitement!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### Wagtail 6.3.2

  <p>Wagtail 6.3.2 includes three bug fixes and a docs update.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Database optimization isn't always obvious

  <p>Database query optimization often defies intuition—Ken Whitesell unpacks why benchmarks, query plans, and context matter more than surface assumptions.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python: create temporary files and directories in unittest

  <p>Create and manage temporary files and directories in Python tests, with practical tips for unittest and more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django in 2024

  <p>Django proved its versatility in 2024, powering everything from high-traffic APIs to async workflows, while keeping complexity low and teams productive—reminding us why it's still a top choice for modern web development.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Show Django flash messages as toasts with Htmx

  <p>Learn how to display Django messages as user friendly toasts with Htmx</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Getting Started Contributing to Django

  <p>A collection of resources to help you get started contributing to Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Introducing Django Template LSP: Smarter Completions for Django Templates - Four Digits

  <p>Django Template LSP revolutionizes template editing with intelligent autocompletion, navigation, and hover docs, making Django development faster and smoother than ever.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Cowboy Debugging Python Memory Leaks

  <p>Debugging Python memory leaks gets a creative twist with <code>objgraph</code> and signal handlers, letting you analyze live systems without constant restarts—perfect for the brave and curious.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Project Quarantine - The Python Package Index Blog

  <p>How the Python Package Index (PyPI) handles project quarantine lifecycle status for suspected malware.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### Deploying a Django App to AWS ECS with AWS Copilot

  <p>This tutorial looks at how to deploy a Django app to AWS ECS with AWS Copilot.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Career Transitions and Tech Triumphs: Natalia Bidart's story

  <p>In this episode of the Django Girls Podcast, hosts Leona and Aisha sit down with Django Fellow Natalia Bidart.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### mkniewallner/migrate-to-uv

  <p>Migrate a project from Poetry/Pipenv to uv package manager.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### abondar/django-copyist: Tool for precise and efficient django model copying

  <p>Tool for precise and efficient django model copying - abondar/django-copyist</p>

  [None](None)

  ### GitHub - fourdigits/django-template-lsp

  <p>Contribute to fourdigits/django-template-lsp development by creating an account on GitHub.</p>

  [None](None)