---
description: Djangonaut Space Session 4 Applications Open, Django 5.2 alpha 1 release,
  a note from the Steering Council, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 268
published: 2025-01-17 11:00:00+00:00
title: Django 5.1.5 security release
url: https://django-news.com/issues/268
---

# [Django 5.1.5 security release](https://django-news.com/issues/268)

Djangonaut Space Session 4 Applications Open, Django 5.2 alpha 1 release, a note from the Steering Council, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django security releases issued: 5.1.5, 5.0.11, and 4.2.18

  <p>Several new security updates. As ever, you should endeavor to be on the latest version of Django for security reasons.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django 5.2 alpha 1 released

  <p>Django 5.2 alpha 1 is now available. It represents the first stage in the 5.2 release cycle and is an opportunity for you to try out the changes coming in Django 5.2.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python Insider: Python 3.14.0 alpha 4 is out

  <p>Python 3.14 is still in development. This release, 3.14.0a4, is the fourth of seven planned alpha releases.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Djangonaut Space Session 4 Applications Open!

  <p>Djangonaut Space Applications are open now and close on January 29th, 2025 AOE.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django Software Foundation

  ### Hello from the new Steering Council; and a quick temporary voting process change

  <p>An update on the voting process to move faster on the smaller things the SC currently has in from of them.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Testing your Python package releases

  <p>On discovering that the release process for the Django Debug Toolbar wasn't as robust as thought.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Catching memory leaks with your test suite

  <p>If you have a good test suite, you may be able use pytest fixtures to identify memory and other resource leaks.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Truncating timedeltas in Django

  <p>How to efficiently aggregate event counts over time relative to a post's creation in Django by using database annotations.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How to check if a Django template has been overridden

  <p>A quick way to check if a template has been overridden. Especially useful for Django package authors.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Speed up CI with uv 

  <p>Use <code>uv</code> to make linting and testing on GitHub Actions around 1.5 times as fast.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django: render JavaScript import maps in templates

  <p>How to integrate JavaScript import maps into Django templates using a custom template tag to generate module import paths dynamically.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### State of the Server 2025

  <p>An in-depth review of the author's self-hosted server setup, covering hardware, storage, backup strategies, self-hosted applications, security improvements, and future plans for optimization and privacy enhancements.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Buff your Monolith

  <p>Scout Monitoring delivers performance metrics, detailed traces and query stats for all your app routes with a five-minute setup. Add our Log Management and have everything you need to make your Django app shiny and fast. Get started for free at https://try.scoutapm.com/djangonews</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### torchbox/wagtail-wordpress-import

  <p>A package for Wagtail CMS to import WordPress blog content from an XML file into Wagtail.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### miketheman/pytest-max-warnings

  <p>A Pytest plugin to exit non-zero exit code when the configured maximum warnings has been exceeded.</p>

  [None](None)