---
description: "\U0001F382 Migrating to uv, performance tricks, virtual tables and Django
  foreign keys, and more."
newsletter: Django News
number: 294
published: 2025-07-18 10:00:00+00:00
title: "\U0001F382 Django Turns 20!"
url: https://django-news.com/issues/294
---

# [🎂 Django Turns 20!](https://django-news.com/issues/294)

🎂 Migrating to uv, performance tricks, virtual tables and Django foreign keys, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### 🎂 Happy 20th birthday Django!

  <p>On July 13th 2005, Jacob Kaplan-Moss made the first commit to the public repository that would become Django. Twenty years and 400+ releases later, here we are – Happy 20th birthday Django! 🎉</p>

  [None](None)

  ### 📻 W2D Django 20th Celebration Continues 🎂

  <p>Nearing one week in, two operators of the W2D special event station honoring Django's 20th birthday have made over 400 contacts with 22 geopolitical entities on 4 continents.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Prohibiting inbox.ru email domain registrations

  <p>A recent spam campaign against PyPI has prompted an administrative action, preventing using the inbox.ru email domain. This includes new registrations as well as adding as additional addresses.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Affirm Your PSF Membership Voting Status

  <p>If you are a voting member of the Python Software Foundation and you plan on voting this year, here are the details you need to know for how to vote. If you voted in 2024, you are still eligible to vote in 2025; however, we recommend double-checking your status to ensure accuracy.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### 🎂 Donate for Django's Birthday!

  <p>Django is turning 20, and needs your help to keep going strong! Join us in supporting Django!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### How to Migrate your Python & Django Projects to uv

  <p>Notes from recently migrating a legacy Django project to <code>uv</code>.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Why This Python Performance Trick Doesn’t Matter Anymore

  <p>CPython 3.11’s specializing adaptive interpreter has optimized global builtins lookups so local aliasing hardly boosts performance anymore, though module attribute calls still benefit.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Virtual Tables and Django Foreignkeys

  <p>Disabling default database constraints with db_constraint=False on ForeignKey and ManyToMany fields ensures Django unmanaged virtual tables operate correctly in SQLite temp schemas.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Cut Django Database Latency by 50-70ms with Native Connection Pooling

  <p>Native connection pooling in Django 5.1 cuts PostgreSQL connection latency by 50-70ms, simplifies configuration, and boosts response times in minutes.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### 🎂 Django turns 20

  <p>Django marks its 20th anniversary highlighting two decades of open source contributions, vibrant community growth, and the ongoing DSF fundraising drive to ensure its future.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### 🎂 Django turned 20!

  <p>Django celebrates 20 years of powering reliable web applications, exemplified by a 17-year editorial management system continuously maintained since 2008.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### 🎂 Happy 20th Birthday, Django!

  <p>Celebrating Django's 20th anniversary highlights its open-source beginnings in Lawrence Kansas, community-driven evolution, and enduring influence on modern Python web development.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### 🎂 Happy Pony

  <p>Django's intuitive API, clean code, comprehensive docs and built-in admin interface prove its enduring value for building database backed applications after 20 years.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### PyLadiesCon is back!

  <p>PyLadiesCon 2025 returns on December 5–7 as a free online Python conference, featuring multilingual talks, workshops, panels, and open-source sprints to promote inclusivity.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## DjangoCon Videos

  ### Zango: Accelerating Business App Development with an Opinionated Django Meta - Bhuvnesh Sharma

  <p>A talk on Zango: An opinionated Django meta-framework that supercharges business application development. Built for teams who need the flexibility of Django with batteries-included security, compliance, and workflows—without the overhead of building everything from scratch.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Dynamic models without dynamic models - Jacob Walls

  <p>If your users are data modelers themselves, your underlying data model might be extremely generic. What if you still want a model-like interface shaped like those user-defined schemas? This is the story of subclassing QuerySets and REST Framework functionality to produce something a lot like dynamic Django models, only with souped-up annotations supporting creates, updates, and deletes.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Evolving Django: What We Learned by Integrating MongoDB - Anaiya Raisinghani

  <p>Building on the progress of the past, most notably django-mongodb-engine and django-nonrel, MongoDB has taken on the challenge of developing a production-ready Django database backend for MongoDB.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Scout Monitoring: Logs, Traces, Error (coming soon). Made for devs who own products, not just tickets.

  

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### husseinnaeemsec/octopusdash

  <p>Dynamic Django admin panel.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### loopwerk/drf-action-serializers

  <p>An easy way to use different serializers for different actions and request methods in Django REST Framework.</p>

  [None](None)