---
description: Django 5.2 beta 1 release, DjangoCongress JP live stream, NoSQL benefits,
  jobs, and new projects
newsletter: Django News
number: 273
published: 2025-02-21 11:00:00+00:00
title: Django 5.2 Beta 1 & DjangoCongress JP goes live!
url: https://django-news.com/issues/273
---

# [Django 5.2 Beta 1 &amp; DjangoCongress JP goes live!](https://django-news.com/issues/273)

Django 5.2 beta 1 release, DjangoCongress JP live stream, NoSQL benefits, jobs, and new projects

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django 5.2 beta 1 released

  <p>Django 5.2 beta 1 is now available and is the second stage in the release cycle. This is a good opportunity for you to try out the changes coming in Django 5.2.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCongress JP 2025 Live Streaming!

  <p>DjangoCongress JP 2025 is this Saturday, February 22, 2025, at 10 am (<a href="https://cur.at/9xbg7mz">Japan Standard Time</a>) and will be broadcasting live!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### LAST DAYS! Django & Wagtail Hosting for just $9/month

  <p>New year, new site! Finally put those domain names to use and launch that side-project, blog, or personal site in 2025. Lock in this limited time pricing by Feb 28.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### The Key Benefits of Using a NoSQL Database in Django Development

  <p>This article explores the key benefits of using a NoSQL database like MongoDB in Django development, highlighting its scalability, flexibility, AI capabilities, and seamless integration through the <code>django-mongodb-backend</code> library.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How to add an object in Django Admin with a bookmarklet

  <p>Roll your own Pinboard with the Django Admin and a bookmarklet.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How to find your first Django Developer Job

  <p>Jon Gould from Foxley Talent lays out his guide for prospective hires.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How to fix factory_boy post-generation deprecation warnings

  <p>How to fix post-generation deprecation warnings on Django projects.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django packages already on 5.2

  <p>Out of roughly 17,000 packages on PyPI, only about 1,394 specify the versions they support, and just 23 of those have been tested with the Django 5.2 alpha 1 release.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Where is the PSF? 2025 Edition

  <p>A list of platforms where you can find the PSF, PyCon US, and PyPI news and resources.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### Django London Meetup: Run your tests against Django's main! 

  <p>Run tests against Django’s main branch to catch bugs early and help maintain its stability.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Hiring Jr. Web Services Engineer

  <p>This position is for someone who can bring their python software development experience to support Playdate, Game Publishing, and our Apps! You would be responsible for contributing to and maintaining our growing flock of Flask and Django web applications.</p>

<p>Additionally, Panic hires interns every summer via <a href="https://cur.at/9lxPPrk">The Script</a>,  designed for college students with underrepresented backgrounds entering freshman through senior years.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Chat #176: Official Django MongoDB Backend with Jib Adegunloye

  <p>Jib is a Senior Software Engineer at MongoDB working on the newly-released official Django MongoDB backend. We discuss building out this new support, future plans, and his previous career at Meta.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### itsthejoker/filamentcolors.xyz

  <p>The source code for a small website to compare pieces of printed filament.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Lens - Check your meta tags, icons, and rss feeds

  <p>Check your meta tags, icons, and rss feeds</p>

  [None](None)