---
description: "\U0001F680 Django 5.2 Patch, Wagtail 6.4 Preview & GeoDjango Mapping
  Tips​"
newsletter: Django News
number: 281
published: 2025-04-18 10:00:00+00:00
title: Django 5.2 Fixes, Wagtail Updates & GeoDjango Mapping​
url: https://django-news.com/issues/281
---

# [Django 5.2 Fixes, Wagtail Updates &amp; GeoDjango Mapping​](https://django-news.com/issues/281)

🚀 Django 5.2 Patch, Wagtail 6.4 Preview &amp; GeoDjango Mapping Tips​

  ----

  ## News

  ### PyPI: Incident Report: Organizations Team privileges

  <p>PyPI resolved an issue where organization team privileges persisted after user removal by swiftly deploying a security patch and thoroughly auditing role assignments.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django Software Foundation

  ### DSF member of the month - Öykü Gümüş

  <p>Recognizing experienced Django developer Öykü Gümüş for leadership, mentoring, and innovative work with GraphQL and enhanced async support in Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### What's new in Wagtail CMS - May 2025

  <p>We'll share features in the latest Wagtail 6.3 and 6.4, release, new updates, future features and more!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Ready to get your Django project to the next level?

  <p>Elevate your Django projects with HackSoft! Try our expert consulting services and kickstart your project.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Maps with Django⁽³⁾: GeoDjango, Pillow & GPS

  <p>This guide shows how to build interactive web maps using Django GeoDjango, extract GPS data with Pillow, and render markers with Leaflet.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Migrate Django ID field from int to big int with minimal downtime

  <p>Migrate int-based model id to bigint in Django with minimal downtime by creating a new table, altering schema, swapping names, and transferring data.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Customizing Django admin fieldsets without fearing forgotten fields

  <p>The django-auto-admin-fieldsets package automatically fills remaining model fields in fieldsets, preventing omissions and runtime errors for better ModelAdmin customization.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### You probably don’t need a CMS

  <p>Developers can build a lightweight blog using Django Admin and CKEditor5 with custom embed rendering instead of relying on bulky CMS frameworks.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Using LLMs as the first line of support in Open Source

  <p>Carlton breaks down how LLMs could serve as a primary support mechanism in open source projects by automating user assistance and reducing maintainer workload.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Tips for Tracking Django Model Changes with django-pghistory

  <p>Efficient database change tracking is achieved by selectively enabling django-pghistory for Django models, optimizing admin integration with EventModelAdmin, and manually capturing initial snapshots.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Run your tests against Django's main!

  <p>Running tests against Django's main branch detects breaking changes early, ensuring compatibility for dependent projects and improving overall framework stability.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Preventing painful coupling

  <p>Reduce unwanted coupling in complex applications by applying event modeling, vertical slice architecture, and event sourcing to enhance maintainability and scalability.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### FlaskCon @ PyCon US 2025

  <p>The Pallets team writes a bunch of apps that are useful for Django developers. They are looking for speakers and topics for FlaskCon, a mini-conference inside PyCon US 2025. Some of our favorites are Click and Jinja, and we'd love to see some friends supporting them. The CFP closes April 24, 2025.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Sponsor Django News

  

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Chat #180: Coding with LLMs - Frank Wiles

  <p>Frank is a former President of the Django Software Foundation, a current Steering Council member, and the founder of REVSYS. We discuss using LLMs daily, most notably Claude Code and Aider, and switching over entirely to uv for project management.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Talk Python To Me Episode #500 - Django Simple Deploy and other DevOps Things

  <p>Eric Matthes talks about Django Simple Deploy, a tool that simplifies Django app deployment so you can skip the DevOps headaches and ship faster.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### django-commons/django-typer

  <p>Use Typer (type hints) to define the interface for your Django management commands.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### matthiask/django-auto-admin-fieldsets

  <p>A Django utility for automatically handling unspecified fields in admin fieldsets.</p>

  [None](None)