---
description: Smoke testing the Django admin, why Postgres, accessible web forms, and
  more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 278
published: 2025-03-28 10:00:00+00:00
title: '20 PRs Merged into Django Core This Week Alone! '
url: https://django-news.com/issues/278
---

# [20 PRs Merged into Django Core This Week Alone! ](https://django-news.com/issues/278)

Smoke testing the Django admin, why Postgres, accessible web forms, and more.

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### aria-label is a letdown

  <p>Analysis of aria-label usage on Wagtail sites shows 34% of instances are likely faulty, advocating for enhanced linting, proper label alternatives, and improved accessibility documentation.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Smoke test your Django admin site

  <p>Use parametric testing with pytest to smoke test Django admin changelist routes by dynamically extracting URL patterns and ensuring all admin pages render correctly.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### 🤖 A better Django version/update command and Prompt-driven-development (PDD)

  <p>Jeff writes about Prompt-driven development produces (PDD), a refined self-updating Django command that checks for version updates from PyPI and automates updates while enhancing the developer experience.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### “Any Updates?”

  <p>Posting 'Any updates?' on open-source project issue trackers burdens maintainers; instead, donate, volunteer, or wait patiently to support efficient progress.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How to Create a Helm Chart for a Django App

  <p>Guide details deploying Django apps with Helm charts on Kubernetes, integrating GitHub Actions, GHCR, and Ansible for automated container image releases and configuration deployments.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Building accessible web forms in Django

  <p>A step by step reference to building accessible web forms in Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Improving licence metadata

  <p>How to update your Python project for PEP 639.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### PyCon US Schedule

  <p>Check out the detailed schedule for tutorials, talks, and more this May in Pittsburgh, PA.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### EuroPython Tickets

  <p>EuroPython is happening in Prague, Czech Republic this year, July 14-20. Tickets are available with <a href="https://cur.at/nNur8VH">further information</a> coming soon!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### MongoDB Django Backend: Open Source & Ready! 

  <p>Contribute or explore! The official MongoDB backend for Django is now on <a href="https://cur.at/c72FxhC">GitHub</a>. Dive into the code and help shape the future of Django and MongoDB integration. Try it today!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Talking Postgres Ep25: Why Python developers just use Postgres with Dawn Wages

  <p>Django developer and PSF Foundation Chair Dawn Wages discusses why Postgres is so popular with Python &amp; Django developers, as well as notes on Djangonaut Space, and an overview of the Postgres chapter from her upcoming Domain-Driven Django book.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### suitenumerique/docs

  <p>A collaborative note taking, wiki and documentation platform that scales. Built with Django and React. Opensource alternative to Notion or Outline.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### bckohan/django-enum

  <p>Full and natural support for enumerations as Django model fields.</p>

  [None](None)