---
description: DjangoCon Europe/Africa news, Steering Council updates, custom user model
  tutorial, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 274
published: 2025-02-28 11:00:00+00:00
title: Wagtail 6.4.1
url: https://django-news.com/issues/274
---

# [Wagtail 6.4.1](https://django-news.com/issues/274)

DjangoCon Europe/Africa news, Steering Council updates, custom user model tutorial, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Introducing our new Terms of Service - The Python Package Index Blog

  <p>PyPI is formalizing its policies to help move forward with some new services.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django Software Foundation

  ### DSF Monthly Meeting Notes

  <p>A reminder that the DSF Board's monthly meeting notes are also available for anyone to see.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Steering Council Minutes

  <p>The new Django 6.x Steering Council has been meeting weekly this year and keeps a record of meeting notes.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Steering Council focus

  <p>The Django Steering Council has its own public Projects section on GitHub covering what it is up to.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### Wagtail 6.4.1

  <p>Wagtail 6.4.1 delivers several bug fixes and UI improvements, including error prevention with locale filtering, handling of UUID primary keys, enhanced navigation, updated documentation, and relaxed dependency version boundaries.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### HackSoft - Your Django Development Partner Beyond Code

  <p>From custom software development to consulting, team augmentation, or opening an office in Sofia, Bulgaria - HackSoft can help! Learn more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Fixing Django FieldError at /admin/accounts/customuser/add/

  <p>If you've been struggling with this error around custom user models, here is a description and quick fix.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Lincoln Loop’s Commitment to Giving Back

  <p>Since 2011, Lincoln Loop has donated monthly proceeds to support nonprofits in healthcare, environmental conservation, education, and open-source initiatives, including Doctors Without Borders and Habitat for Humanity.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### On mentorship programs and internships · Better Simple

  <p>Explores how both internships and open source contributor programs uniquely strengthen and refine a developer’s skills, highlighting the distinct value each brings to the software engineering process.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Which HTML element are you [Quiz]?

  <p>Discover which HTML element matches your style in this interactive 10-question quiz.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### YOLO-squashing our Django repository

  <p>Buttondown's YOLO approach to speeding things up a bit.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### The reality of long-term software maintenance from the maintainer's perspective

  <p>Not strictly related to Django, but a well-written piece on maintenance and open-source work.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### End of an Era: Django Mailing List Moves to Web-Based Forum

  <p>The Django community is shifting its primary discussions from the traditional mailing list to a modern, web-based forum, offering developers a more structured and searchable environment while preserving its valuable historical archives.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### What is OpenTelemetry and how to add it to your Django application

  <p>A step-by-step guide to connecting your Django app’s OpenTelemetry setup to an Elastic observability backend.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### DjangoCon Europe Talk Schedule

  <p>DjangoCon Europe 2025’s schedule page showcases the upcoming lineup of talks, workshops, and lightning talks while providing detailed links on venue, participation, and sponsorship information.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon Europe Early Bird Tickets

  <p>DjangoCon Europe 2025 takes place from April 23rd to 27th, 2025 in Dublin, Ireland, offering early bird tickets for virtual and in-person attendance.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon Africa 2025 Call for Propsoals is now open!

  <p>Submit your talk proposals until March 31st.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### Django Custom User Model

  <p>Django 5.1 added a new <a href="https://cur.at/Jjs7NFq">AdminUserCreationForm</a> that changes how to configure a custom user model. Learn how in this updated tutorial.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Hiring Jr. Web Services Engineer

  <p>This position is for someone who can bring their python software development experience to support Playdate, Game Publishing, and our Apps! You would be responsible for contributing to and maintaining our growing flock of Flask and Django web applications.</p>

<p>Additionally, Panic hires interns every summer via <a href="https://cur.at/MYOUXjg">The Script</a>,  designed for college students with underrepresented backgrounds entering freshman through senior years.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### LilyFoote/django-rusty-templates

  <p>An experimental reimplementation of Django's templating language in Rust.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### AghastyGD/lazy-ninja

  <p>Automate CRUD API endpoints with Django Ninja, featuring dynamic schema generation, customizable hooks, and automatic API documentation.</p>

  [None](None)