---
description: Django 5.1.7, 5.0.13, and 4.2.20, uv-based projects, ditching Django
  admin, using PostGIS in Django, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 275
published: 2025-03-07 11:00:00+00:00
title: Django 5.1.7, 5.0.13, and 4.2.20
url: https://django-news.com/issues/275
---

# [Django 5.1.7, 5.0.13, and 4.2.20](https://django-news.com/issues/275)

Django 5.1.7, 5.0.13, and 4.2.20, uv-based projects, ditching Django admin, using PostGIS in Django, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django security releases issued: 5.1.7, 5.0.13, and 4.2.20

  <p>Django releases critical security patches in versions 5.1.7, 5.0.13, and 4.2.20 to address a potential denial-of-service vulnerability in the <code>django.utils.text.wrap()</code> and <code>wordwrap</code> functions.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Join the DEFNA Board as Corporate Secretary!

  <p>DEFNA is seeking a Corporate Secretary to support its board by managing compliance, record-keeping, and communications for the DjangoCon US community.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django for APIs (5th Edition)

  <p>The fifth edition of the book, Django for APIs, has now been released and is available as either an <a href="https://cur.at/lMPlRpG">online course</a> or <a href="https://cur.at/UZiutAp">in paperback</a>.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### Working with Wagtail CMS

  <p>Wagtail CMS enhances Django development by streamlining content management with a polished admin interface and flexible, code-driven customization.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Looking for sponsorship: SEO power tools

  <p>Wagtail seeks sponsors to integrate advanced SEO capabilities, including meta previews, automated checks, and AI-driven enhancements directly within the CMS.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### HackSoft - Your Django Development Partner Beyond Code

  <p>From custom software development to consulting, team augmentation, or opening an office in Sofia, Bulgaria - HackSoft can help! Learn more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Ditching Django Admin for FastHTML with HTMX

  <p>Build a focused platform monitoring dashboard in 142 lines of Python using FastHTML, HTMX auto-refresh, and simple cookie-based auth to overcome the limitations of Django Admin.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Handling spatial data in Django using PostGIS

  <p>Learn how to integrate and manage spatial data in Django with PostGIS, including configuring models, admin, and running the setup using Docker.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Introducing django-remake-migrations

  <p><code>django-remake-migrations</code> offers a command to rebuild and squash migrations across all Django apps, streamlining the migration process for medium to large projects.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Admin’s handling of dates and times is very confusing

  <p>Enhance Django Admin's date and time inputs by allowing clear time zone selection to avoid confusion between server, local, and UTC times.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django-treebeard: Converting an Existing Model to MP_Node

  <p>Learn how to convert an existing Django tree model into an MP_Node Materialized Path structure using a strategic migration that temporarily adjusts field constraints to handle non-nullable unique fields.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How to Deploy Selectively to Production

  <p>Use hotfix branches with Git Flow and cherry-picking to deploy a chosen set of bug fixes and small code changes directly to production.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### My 2025 uv-based Python Project Layout for Production Apps

  <p>Hynek Schlawack demonstrates a modern, uv-based Python project layout using dependency groups and updated packaging techniques to streamline production deployments—insights that can benefit Django developers too.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### A Guided Tour Through Postgres Internals with Elizabeth Garrett Christensen

  <p>Elizabeth Garrett Christensen offers Django developers a hands-on guide to mastering Postgres internals to optimize database performance.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Official MongoDB Backend for Django - Now in Public Preview!

  <p>Seamlessly integrate Django with MongoDB. This new backend offers seamless mapping of Django models to MongoDB documents, Django admin support, and native connectivity right from the settings.py file. Experience the flexibility of the document model and the full feature set of Atlas. Try it now!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### adamghill/awesome-django-admin-themes

  <p>A compendium of themes for the Django admin (with screenshots!).</p>

  [None](None)

  ### ibrahimroshdy/django-pdf-actions

  <p>Django PDF actions export actions app.</p>

  [None](None)