---
description: Tailwind CSS v4.0, Wagtail headless survey results, Google Summer of
  Code Ideas & Mentors, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 269
published: 2025-01-24 11:00:00+00:00
title: Django 5.2 alpha 1 release
url: https://django-news.com/issues/269
---

# [Django 5.2 alpha 1 release](https://django-news.com/issues/269)

Tailwind CSS v4.0, Wagtail headless survey results, Google Summer of Code Ideas &amp; Mentors, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django 5.2 alpha 1 released

  <p>Django 5.2 alpha 1 is now available. It represents the first stage in the 5.2 release cycle and is an opportunity for you to try out the changes coming in Django 5.2.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Hello from the new Steering Council; and a quick temporary voting process change

  <p>The Steering Council is officially in action, and we want to give you a heads-up on a change we're making for the short term.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Djangonaut Space - New session 2025

  <p>Djangonaut Space is holding a fourth session! This session will start on February 17th, 2025. Applications are open until January 29th, 2025, Anywhere on Earth.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Tailwind CSS v4.0 - Tailwind CSS

  <p>Tailwind CSS v4.0 is out — an all-new version of the framework optimized for performance and flexibility, with a reimagined configuration and customization experience, and taking full advantage of the latest advancements the web offers.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django Software Foundation

  ### President of the Django Software Foundation

  <p>Notes from the Thibaud Colas, the new President of the Django Software Foundation.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### Results of the 2024 Wagtail headless survey

  <p>The results of the 2024 Wagtail headless survey are here! There are plenty of expected results plus a few surprises.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Django & Wagtail Hosting for just $9/month

  <p>New year, new site! Finally put those domain names to use and launch that side-project, blog, or personal site in 2025. Lock in this limited time pricing by Feb 28.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Ideas how to support Tailwind CSS 4.x in django-tailwind-cli

  <p>A look at potential updates to align with Tailwind's new CSS-first configuration, simplified theme setup, and other breaking changes, while weighing user-friendly migration strategies versus manual transitions.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Monkeypatching Django

  <p>A deep dive into how the nanodjango project leverages monkeypatching and metaclass manipulation to enable full Django functionality within a single-file application, bridging the gap between lightweight prototypes and Django's powerful features.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Islands: Part 1 -  Side Quests by Bo Lopker

  <p>On using SolidJS with Django to build a type-safe frontend that the whole team will love.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Show Django forms inside a modal using HTMX

  <p>Learn how to create and edit models using Django forms inside a modal using HTMX</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Exploring Python Requirements

  <p>A guide to using the uv tool for managing Python project dependencies, showcasing features like tree views, listing outdated packages, and integrating interactive package selection with tools like wheat to streamline dependency updates.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django admin tip: Adding links to related objects in change forms

  <p>This article explores two practical methods for enhancing the Django admin interface by linking related objects directly in change forms, improving navigation and usability.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Developer Salary Report 2025

  <p>An annual report from Foxley Talent on Django developer salaries.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### urllib3 in 2024

  <p>Highlights from 2024 for the urllib3 team in terms of funding, features, and looking forward.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### The definitive guide to using Django with SQLite in production

  <p>A comprehensive look at using SQLite for Django projects under real-world traffic, detailing its benefits and potential challenges and deployment strategies.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Buff your Monolith

  <p>Scout Monitoring delivers performance metrics, detailed traces and query stats for all your app routes with a five-minute setup. Add our Log Management and have everything you need to make your Django app shiny and fast. Get started for free at https://try.scoutapm.com/djangonews</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Chat #174: Beyond Golden Pathways - Teaching Django with Sheena O’Connell

  <p>Sheena is a long-time Django developer and teacher currently focused on Prelude Tech, small workshops focused on topics like Django, HTMX, and Git.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django Forum

  ### Call for Project Ideas and Prospective Mentors for GSoC 2025

  <p>Google Summer of Code (GSoC) rolls around again. Historically this has been a real boon for Django, with successes again this year. We need project ideas and prospective mentors for 2025. Do you have one? Is that you?</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### Salaah01/django-action-triggers

  <p>A Django library for asynchronously triggering actions in response to database changes. It supports integration with webhooks, message brokers (e.g., Kafka, RabbitMQ), and can trigger other processes, including AWS Lambda functions.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### OmenApps/django-templated-email-md

  <p>An extension for django-templated-email for creating emails with Markdown.</p>

  [None](None)