---
description: Python 3.14.0 alpha 5, Django in government, pytest guide, MongoDB quickstart,
  and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 272
published: 2025-02-14 11:00:00+00:00
title: DjangoCon US Call for Proposals
url: https://django-news.com/issues/272
---

# [DjangoCon US Call for Proposals](https://django-news.com/issues/272)

Python 3.14.0 alpha 5, Django in government, pytest guide, MongoDB quickstart, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Python 3.14.0 alpha 5 is out

  <p>Python 3.14.0a5 is the fifth of seven planned alpha releases.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US Call for Proposals

  <p>The CFP is now open until April 27th. The earlier you submit, the better!</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DSF member of the month - Lily Foote

  <p>Lily is a long-time contributor to Django core, especially on the ORM, and is currently a member of the Django 6.x Steering Council.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### I'm excited to join the Sovereign Tech Fellowship

  <p>Hugo van Kemenade is now a full-time open source developer, working on Python, with a focus on CPython, including as release manager for Python 3.14 and 3.15.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Hiring Jr. Web Services Engineer

  <p>This position is for someone who can bring their python software development experience to support Playdate, Game Publishing, and our Apps! You would be responsible for contributing to and maintaining our growing flock of Flask and Django web applications.</p>

<p>Additionally, Panic hires interns every summer via <a href="https://cur.at/tuFsl8A">The Script</a>,  designed for college students with underrepresented backgrounds entering freshman through senior years.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Django in government - Thibaud’s blog

  <p>DSF President Thibaud Colas focuses on almost 1,000 Django websites used in governments around the world.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Pytest, A Practical Guide

  <p>Andrew Mshar provides an introduction to key <code>pytest</code> features, including fixtures, flags, markers, and Django-specific tools.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Things I'd Like to See in a DjangoCon US 2025 Talk

  <p>Former DjangoCon US program chair Drew Winstel has a detailed list of suggested topics for DjangoCon US talks this year. <a href="https://cur.at/RTFf1lR">The CFP is now open</a>.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Prefixed Parameters for Django querystring tag

  <p>An overview of Django 5.1's new querystring tag and how to add support for prefixed parameters.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Jump to dev

  <p>A clever Django middleware lets developers paste production URLs into their local server, automatically stripping out the domain for quick issue reproduction.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### DjangoCongress JP 2025

  <p>This online event is coming soon! Feb, 22, 2025.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### Django MongoDB Backend Quickstart

  <p>Learn how to connect  to a MongoDB deployment, ensure your deployment is hosted on MongoDB Atlas, and interact with the data using simple CRUD operations.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### uv and Django - Managing Django Projects & Dependencies with uv!

  <p>This video dives into using uv and Django together for project and dependency management, including how to install packages into different groups and run Django commands.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Django & Wagtail Hosting for just $9/month

  <p>New year, new site! Finally put those domain names to use and launch that side-project, blog, or personal site in 2025. Lock in this limited time pricing by Feb 28.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### safwanrahman/django-webpush

  <p>Web Push Notification Package for Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### OmenApps/django-pint-field

  <p>Store, validate, and convert physical quantities in Django using Pint.</p>

  [None](None)