---
description: Django vs FastAPI, complex filters with subquery, todo app with htmx,
  and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 267
published: 2025-01-10 11:00:00+00:00
title: CFPs for DjangoCon Europe and DjangoCongress JP
url: https://django-news.com/issues/267
---

# [CFPs for DjangoCon Europe and DjangoCongress JP](https://django-news.com/issues/267)

Django vs FastAPI, complex filters with subquery, todo app with htmx, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Feedback needed on Content-Security-Policy header support

  <p>Rob Hudson is seeking feedback on Content-Security-Policy header support and asking for input before Django 5.2's feature freeze by January 15.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django Software Foundation

  ### DSF member of the month - Hiroki Kiyohara

  <p>Hiroki is the creator and a staff member of <a href="https://cur.at/LaPuSmZ">DjangoCongress JP</a>. He has done a lot for the Django Japan community and has been a DSF member since October 2024.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DSF Board monthly meeting, January 9, 2025

  <p>DSF Board monthly meeting minutes for January 9, 2025.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Django & Wagtail Hosting for just $9/month

  <p>New year, new site! Finally put those domain names to use and launch that side-project, blog, or personal site in 2025. Lock in this limited time pricing by Feb 28.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Django: Fail in templates with {% url '' %}

  <p>Crashing Django templates on purpose is easier than you might think—just use <code>{% url '' %}</code> for a quick and clean failure.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Complex Django filters with Subquery

  <p>An overview on how to do complex filtering in Django with Subquery.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Creating a To-Do app with Django and HTMX 

  <p>An 8-part series of building out a To-Do app in Django with HTMX and a test-driven development flow.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django vs. FastAPI, An Honest Comparison

  <p>A very detailed look at the pros and cons of the two popular web frameworks.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### 🤔 Rethinking Django's Command-Line Tool: Why We Should Rename `django-admin`

  <p>Jeff explains why renaming the default <code>django-admin</code> command to <code>django</code> is worth the effort.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### DjangoCongress JP 2025 Call For Proposals

  <p>Deadline is January 14th for your proposal!</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon Europe Opportunity Grants

  <p>DjangoCon Europe 2025 offers grants so that those who might otherwise not be able to attend won't hesitate to participate. Some expenses for the conference attendance (which could include travel, hotel, registration, etc) will be covered for opportunity grant recipients.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon Europe CFP Ends January 12th

  <p>The Call for Proposals (CFP) is open now and will be open until midnight on January 12th AoE Time Zone; please check the CFP for your timezone specifics. That's plenty of time, you don't have to leave it to the last minute.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### A step-by-step guide to connecting your Django app’s OpenTelemetry setup to an Elastic observability backend.

  <p>A step-by-step guide to connecting your Django app’s OpenTelemetry setup to an Elastic observability backend.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Chat #173: Django in 2025

  <p>Carlton and Will catch up after the holidays and look ahead to Django news in 2025, new tools, new roles, launching the LearnDjango.com site, upcoming Django events, and more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### manjurulhoque/doccure

  <p>DocCure is a healthcare appointment management system designed to streamline the connection between doctors and patients. Built with Django and modern web technologies, it simplifies the process of finding doctors and booking medical appointments online.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### selectnull/django-pyrepl

  <p>Use Python 3.13 REPL with Django shell. Contribute to selectnull/django-pyrepl development by creating an account on GitHub.</p>

  [None](None)