---
description: 'Speed Up Django, Timezones Tips, and Python 3.14 Beta! '
newsletter: Django News
number: 290
published: 2025-06-20 10:00:00+00:00
title: Python 3.14.0 beta 3
url: https://django-news.com/issues/290
---

# [Python 3.14.0 beta 3](https://django-news.com/issues/290)

Speed Up Django, Timezones Tips, and Python 3.14 Beta! 

  ----

  ## News

  ### DSF member of the month - Elena Williams

  <p>Elena Williams, Django community stalwart and DSF Code of Conduct WG member, reflects on her contributions, favorite Django features, and community leadership.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### International Travel to DjangoCon US 2025

  <p>Are you attending DjangoCon US 2025 in Chicago, Illinois, but you are not from US and need some travel information? Here are some things to consider when planning your trip.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python 3.14.0 beta 3 is released! 

  <p>Python 3.14.0 beta 3 adds deferred annotation evaluation, template string literals, multiple interpreters, zstd compression module, free-threaded support and other core improvements, ready for testing.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### 2025 PSF Board Election Schedule

  <p>PSF defines 2025 board election schedule with nomination, voter affirmation, voting dates, membership eligibility, and candidate resources for the Python community.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Cut Django Database Latency by 50-70ms With Native Connection Pooling

  <p>Native connection pooling in Django 5.1 cuts 50- 70ms PostgreSQL connection latency, simplifies deployment without external tools, and boosts response times by 10–30%.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Make Django show dates and times in the visitor’s local timezone

  <p>Combine middleware, a custom template tag, and client-side JavaScript to detect visitors timezone and consistently render Django DateTimeField values in users local time.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Avoiding Timezone Traps: Correctly Extracting Date/Time Subfields in Django with PostgreSQL

  <p>When extracting date subfields in Django with PostgreSQL, avoid applying AT TIME ZONE to DATE types under UTC session to prevent offset-based year miscalculations.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Avoiding PostgreSQL Pitfalls: The Hidden Cost of Failing Inserts

  <p>Using Django create with exception handling for unique constraint violations causes expensive rollbacks and bloat; use <code>ON CONFLICT DO NOTHING</code> via <code>bulk_create(ignore_conflicts)</code> or raw SQL.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django Fellow Report

  ### Django Fellow Report - Natalia Bidart

  <p>3 tickets triaged, 8 reviewed, 6 authored, security reports triage, and more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Fellow Report - Sarah Boyce

  <p>10 tickets triaged, 15 reviewed, 3 authored, released Django 5.2.3, 5.1.11, 4.2.23, and more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### Django on the Med - October 7th - 9th in Palafrugell, Spain

  <p>A new website with FAQs is now live. Django Development Sprints. Three days to get together and work on Django. Twice a year, in Pescara, Italy, and Palafrugell, Spain. Spring and Autumn.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## DjangoCon Videos

  ### How to solve a Python mystery - Aivars Kalvāns

  <p>This talk introduces useful Linux performance and observability tools and covers real-world mysteries that this approach has helped to solve.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Bulletproof Data Pipelines: Django, Celery, and the Power of Idempotency - Ricardo Morato Rocha

  <p>Learn how to build resilient data pipelines with Django, Celery, and idempotent consumers. We'll dive into robust error-handling techniques and the role of idempotency in ensuring reliable and consistent data processing.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Logs, shells, caches and other strange words we use daily - Slawa Gladkov

  <p>Have you ever stopped to think about where the words we use in software engineering come from? Terms like “bug” and “debugging” are familiar to most of us, but what about “daemon” or “cache”? This talk takes a trip down memory lane to explore the surprising and often quirky origins of some of the most common words in computing.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### justinmayer/smartypants.py

  <p>Translate plain ASCII quotation marks and other characters into “smart” typographic HTML entities.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### mikeckennedy/jinja_partials

  <p>Simple reuse of partial HTML page templates in the Jinja template language for Python web frameworks. #pypackage</p>

  [None](None)

  ### niwinz/django-jinja

  <p>Simple and nonobstructive jinja2 integration with Django.</p>

  [None](None)