---
description: DRF 3.16, Django security releases, PyCon US preview, DjangoCon talk
  suggestions, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 279
published: 2025-04-04 10:00:00+00:00
title: Django 5.2 is here!
url: https://django-news.com/issues/279
---

# [Django 5.2 is here!](https://django-news.com/issues/279)

DRF 3.16, Django security releases, PyCon US preview, DjangoCon talk suggestions, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django 5.2 released

  <p>Django 5.2 is released! A few highlights are:</p>

<ul>
<li>All models are automatically imported in the shell by default.</li>
<li>Composite primary keys support.</li>
<li>Overriding a BoundField got a lot easier</li>
</ul>

<p>And much, much more. Read the <a href="https://cur.at/8G3il09">full release notes</a> for all the details.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django security releases issued: 5.1.8 and 5.0.14

  <p>A security fix for a potential denial-of-service vulnerability.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django REST framework 3.16 Announcement

  <p>The latest release now fully supports Django 5.1 and the upcoming 5.2 LTS as well as Python 3.13.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### 💍 Announcing The Great Django Webring

  <p>Just in time for April 1st, Jeff launched <a href="https://cur.at/ohefgSu">The Great Django Webring</a>. 💍</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Ready to get your Django project to the next level?

  <p>Elevate your Django projects with HackSoft! Try our expert consulting services and kickstart your project.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Deleting a Django Application from a Multi-Site Kubernetes Cluster

  <p>Efficiently remove a Django application from a multi-site Kubernetes cluster by identifying and deleting the relevant ingress, deployments, and namespaces before completing DNS, IaC, and database cleanups.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Talks I want to see at DjangoCon US 2025

  <p>Tim Schilling writes a number of good talk ideas if you're still considering submitting to DjangoCon US for this fall.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Troubleshooting is a Lifestyle 😎

  <p>Systematically enhance Django troubleshooting by leveraging built-in indicators, error reporting, and extensible tools like the Debug Toolbar to isolate and resolve issues.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### If I were starting out now…

  <p>Carlton Gibson weighs in with some wise advice to anyone new to a programming career.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How to report a security issue in an open source project

  <p>From Jacob Kaplan-Moss, how to properly report a security issue in open source. A very important issue!</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Free-threaded Python on GitHub Actions

  <p>How to configure GitHub Actions to test experimental free-threaded CPython builds (GIL disabled) using various setup options, such as version suffixes, variables, and environment flags.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### htmx snippets and examples

  <p>Several useful htmx snippets and examples for your Django projects.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### Django Tasks Scheduler project overview with Daniel Moran

  <p>Daniel Moran provides an introduction of django-tasks-scheduler.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### BREAKING: Guido van Rossum Returns as Python's BDFL

  <p>Hint: This came out on April Fools Day.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### MongoDB Django Backend: Open Source & Ready! 

  <p>Contribute or explore! The official MongoDB backend for Django is now on <a href="https://cur.at/jSR3Q8U">GitHub</a>. Dive into the code and help shape the future of Django and MongoDB integration. Try it today!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Chat #179: PyCon US 2025 - Elaine Wong & Jon Banafato

  <p>Elaine and Jon are the Chair and Co-Chair of PyCon US, taking place in Pittsburgh, PA, this May. We discuss how to make the most of a conference, in-person vs online, what to wear, and more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### suitenumerique/meet

  <p>Open source alternative to Google Meet and Zoom powered by LiveKit: HD video calls, screen sharing, and chat features. Built with Django and React.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### django-csp v4.0

  <p>Content Security Policy for Django. This release contains several breaking changes. For a complete migration guide, <a href="https://cur.at/MhCYQMI">see here</a>.</p>

  [None](None)