---
description: Django Form Basics, Creating Open Graphs, DRF Video Series, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 276
published: 2025-03-14 10:00:00+00:00
title: DjangoCon US CFP
url: https://django-news.com/issues/276
---

# [DjangoCon US CFP](https://django-news.com/issues/276)

Django Form Basics, Creating Open Graphs, DRF Video Series, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Djangonaut Space Session 4 Team Introductions!

  <p>Djangonaut Space Session 4 features diverse teams of Django core, CMS, Debug Toolbar, and accessibility specialists showcasing global contributors’ technical expertise.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Happy International Women's Day! 🎉 💜

  <p>Django celebrates International Women’s Day by highlighting record women leadership in project roles and initiatives like Django Girls.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Get your business to the next level with Django!

  <p>Empower your business by leveraging the power of Django with the help of HackSoft! We are the Django experts you can count on for building your Django application. Learn more!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Django Form Basics

  <p>Advanced Django Form techniques allow integration of extra fields with <code>ModelForm</code>, styling with crispy, and leveraging Bootstrap accordions to conditionally display new category fields.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Disabling Scheduled Dependency Updates

  <p>Manually updating pinned dependencies using custom tools like gha-update and pre-commit reduces scheduled PR noise and streamlines library maintenance in Python projects.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Fixing Django's APPEND_SLASH behavior with Kamal

  <p>Resolve a Kamal proxy bug affecting Django's <code>APPEND_SLASH</code> handling by replacing CommonMiddleware with a subclass that disables chunked encoding for redirects.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Creating Open Graph Images in Django for Improved Social Media Sharing

  <p>A practical guide to generating dynamic Open Graph images in Django using Playwright to enhance social media link previews.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### DjangoCon US CFP

  <p>The CFP is open until April 27th for this year's DjangoCon US in Chicago in September.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Chicago Like A Local

  <p>During DjangoCon US 2025, enjoy authentic Chicago experiences by sampling local foods, coffee spots, cultural sites, and urban travel tips.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### Django REST Framework - API Development with Django

  <p>A 30(!) part series with 5-20 minute videos on all components of DRF.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Ledger: Accounting with Python - Talk Python Live Stream

  <p>A detailed look at <a href="https://cur.at/8P1AeKH">django-ledger</a>, a double entry accounting system and financial analysis engine built in Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Keeping Django relevant for the next 20 years by Thibaud Colas

  <p>A data-driven evaluation of Django's future assesses Python ecosystem trends, tooling improvements, and contributor health to navigate existential challenges and growth opportunities.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### MongoDB Backend for Django: Dive into the Docs!

  <p>Explore the official MongoDB Django backend! Learn to connect, model, and manage data with detailed documentation. Discover how to leverage MongoDB's performance and scalability within your Django projects.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### neutronX/django-markdownx

  <p>Comprehensive Markdown plugin built for Django</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DmytroLitvinov/django-admin-inline-paginator-plus

  <p>The "Django Admin Inline Paginator Plus" is simple way to paginate your inline in django admin.</p>

  [None](None)