---
description: Database indexing, intro to Django views, and using LLMs for Python development.
newsletter: Django News
number: 270
published: 2025-01-31 11:00:00+00:00
title: 400 DSF Members
url: https://django-news.com/issues/270
---

# [400 DSF Members](https://django-news.com/issues/270)

Database indexing, intro to Django views, and using LLMs for Python development.

  ----

  ## News

  ### PyPI Now Supports Project Archival

  <p>Projects on PyPI can now be marked as archived.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django Software Foundation

  ### 400 individual members of the Django Software Foundation

  <p>The Django Software Foundation reached 400 individual members.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### Our updated Accessibility Conformance Report

  <p>Wagtail has released a new Accessibility Conformance Report for version 6.3, showcasing improvements across WCAG 2.2 criteria, detailing compliance in the CMS, documentation, and websites, and inviting feedback for further accessibility enhancements.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Hiring Jr. Web Services Engineer

  <p>This position is for someone who can bring their python software development experience to support Playdate, Game Publishing, and our Apps! You would be responsible for contributing to and maintaining our growing flock of Flask and Django web applications.</p>

<p>Additionally, Panic hires interns every summer via <a href="https://cur.at/zbZeYJZ">The Script</a>,  designed for college students with underrepresented backgrounds entering freshman through senior years.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Database Indexing in Django

  <p>Explore the fundamentals of database indexing in Django—covering types, advantages, and practical examples—to help you significantly improve query performance and scalability in your projects.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### An Introduction to Django Views

  <p>An overview of Django views, covering function-based vs. class-based approaches, best practices, and practical PyCharm tips for streamlined web development.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django 5.2 simple_block_tag with HTMX

  <p>Django 5.2 introduces the new <code>simple_block_tag()</code>, demonstrated here with HTMX to validate and test custom attributes for more robust and maintainable components.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Avoiding Mocks: Testing LLM Applications with LangChain in Django

  <p>A practical method for testing Django-based LLM apps with LangChain uses a custom fake backend to avoid mocks, enabling flexible refactoring and thorough validation of model interactions.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Add headings to HTML landmarks

  <p>Use visually hidden headings to make your website easier to navigate.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Rendering form fields as group in Django

  <p>A welcome addition in Django 5.0, the concept of field groups makes a lot easier to customize the layout of our Django forms.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Looking at Django task runners and queues

  <p>A look at different ways to combine scheduled and one-off background jobs in Django—comparing django-apscheduler, django-tasks, django-q2, Celery, and cron—to handle tasks like sending email and long-running processes efficiently.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### PyOhio 2025

  <p>PyOhio is a free annual Python community conference based in Ohio this July 26-27, 2025.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### How to Use GraphQL in Django with Elasticsearch

  <p>A guide to combining Graphene-Django with Django Elasticsearch DSL to create high-performance GraphQL endpoints, complete with advanced search and filtering via Elasticsearch.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Django & Wagtail Hosting for just $9/month

  <p>New year, new site! Finally put those domain names to use and launch that side-project, blog, or personal site in 2025. Lock in this limited time pricing by Feb 28.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Real Python #236: Simon Willison: Using LLMs for Python Development

  <p>Simon talks about his LLM research and explores ways of writing Python code with these rapidly evolving tools.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### drf-forms/drf-schema-adapter

  <p>Making using Django with frontend libraries and frameworks DRYer.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### nanuxbe/django-classy-doc

  <p>django-classy-doc brings Classy Class-Based Views-style docs to your own code.</p>

  [None](None)