---
description: 'Python Developers Survey 2023, Takahē maintainers wanted, and so much
  Django content! '
newsletter: Django News
number: 205
published: 2023-11-10 11:00:00+00:00
title: 205 Reset Content
url: https://django-news.com/issues/205
---

# [205 Reset Content](https://django-news.com/issues/205)

Python Developers Survey 2023, Takahē maintainers wanted, and so much Django content! 

  ----

  ## News

  ### Python Developers Survey 2023

  <p>The annual Python developers survey is out. Please take a moment to share your Python practices as the results do have a big impact on the organizations and maintainers in our community.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Takahē: Life-Critical Side Projects

  <p>Andrew Godwin, the developer of <a href="https://cur.at/vbds7hR">Takahē</a>, is looking for new maintainers who want to help out in exchange for mentorship.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Wagtail CMS Developer Training - Introductory Offer

  <p>Build your knowledge and skills in essential Django and Wagtail CMS practices. A two-part training programme, led by Senior Wagtail Developers that extends way beyond typical tutorials and documentation. Only 10 places available per course.
Apply here: https://bit.ly/wagtail-developer-training-course</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Database generated columns ⁽¹⁾: Django & SQLite

  <p>An introduction to database-generated columns using SQLite and the new GeneratedField added in Django 5.0.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Using SQLite for a Django application on fly.io

  <p>How to attach volumes, run migrations, and get SQLite working for Django applications on Fly.io.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Debugging CSRF Failed / 403 Forbidden errors in Django

  <p>A guided deep dive into Django's source code to understand why your application is failing CSRF validation.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How to Kill the Django Development Server Without Ctrl+C

  <p>Sometimes, you lose track of your terminal window but still need to stop a Django development server. Here's how!</p>

  [None](None)

  ### GitHub Actions: Faster Python runs with cached virtual environments

  <p>A pattern to speed up the GitHub Actions workflow of projects using Python, Pip, and pip-tools.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### PyLadiesCon 2023 schedule is up

  <p>The PyLadiesCon 2023 Online conference schedule is live and spans ~24 hours, and three days, of back-to-back talks.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Boston meetup reboot: Mixing reliability with Celery and API Client Generation

  <p>Django Boston is back on November 14th at 6pm EST with two talks on Celery and API client generation.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PyLadies Paris Python Talks

  <p>Three talks on November 16th on topics including no downtime migrations in Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Recap of DjangoCon US 2023 by Katherine Michel

  <p>Whether you attended DjangoCon US in person, virtually, or wished you could, this is a fantastic deep writeup of the event from one of its organizers.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### Lightning talks - Django Day CPH 2023

  <p>30 minutes of Lightning talks from Django Day in Copenhagen recently.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Day CPH 2023: Pessimism, optimism, realism and Django database concurrency by Aivars Kalvans 

  <p>A look at concurrency in the database through programming language concepts and try to understand what happens behind the scenes of pessimistic and optimistic locking.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Day CPH 2023: A minimal Django testing styleguide by Joseph Victor Zammit 

  <p>How and why to have a style guide for tests in your Django application.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Sick of performance issues? Enter Scout's APM tool for Python apps. Easily pinpoint and fix slowdowns with intelligent tracing logic. Optimize performance hassle-free, delighting your users. Try us out for free!

  

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Chat #150: Contributing to Django with Sarah Boyce

  <p>Sarah is a British developer based in Germany who is a member of Django’s Review and Triage Team. She is also a co-organizer of Djangonaut Space, a new mentorship program to onboard and develop Django contributors.</p>

<p>Sarah also contributes to our Django News "Updates to the Django" section.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PyBites Podcast: Maximizing Your Developer Experience (DX) with Adam Johnson 

  <p>A discussion of Git Mastery, Python tooling, the future of Django + Htmx / front-end development, and more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### egoist/tailwindcss-icons

  <p>Use any icon (100,000+) from Iconify, for TailwindCSS.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### hizbul25/django-send-sms

  <p>Send SMS from Django application using any SMS service provider just writing a single line of code.</p>

  [None](None)