---
description: Python 3.12.0 beta 4 released, custom template tags, DjangoCon US 2023
  talks announced, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 188
published: 2023-07-14 10:00:00+00:00
title: 10 Merged PRs into Django Core This Week!
url: https://django-news.com/issues/188
---

# [10 Merged PRs into Django Core This Week!](https://django-news.com/issues/188)

Python 3.12.0 beta 4 released, custom template tags, DjangoCon US 2023 talks announced, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Python 3.12.0 beta 4 released

  <p>Python 3.12.0 beta 4 is the final of four beta release previews. We <strong>strongly encourage</strong> maintainers of third-party Python projects to test with 3.12 during the beta phase and report issues found to [the Python bug tracker (https://github.com/python/cpython/issues) as soon as possible.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Learn More About our Django Services

  <p>At HackSoft, we offer expert Django software development, consultation and support, to help you build robust and scalable software.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Understanding and Implementing Custom Template Tags in Django

  <p>A guide to understanding templates--including the context--and then creating your own custom template tags.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django: Clean up unused code with Vulture

  <p>Adam Johnson on how to use <a href="https://cur.at/CvcCl4m">Vulture</a>, a popular unused code detector for Python, in your Django projects.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### The easiest way to speed up Python with Rust

  <p>Rust can make your Python code much faster; here’s how to start using it as quickly as possible.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### DjangoCon US 2023 Talks Announced

  <p>We are delighted to present our tutorial and talk lineup!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### DjangoCon Europe 2023: Caching everywhere

  <p>How to cache things everywhere. From basic Django cache framework to function memoizing, custom application caching, django-cacheback, webserver caching, CDN, geolocation tricks.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon Europe 2023: A Beginners Guide to Security Exploits in Action

  <p>This talk covers 5 different security vulnerabilities baked into a fake MySpace clone: HTML serialization, SECRET_KEY, stepping outside the ORM, and two different ones around ALLOWED_HOSTS.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Blaze.horse — Django Starter Kit

  <p>Big tech thinks everyone needs to build aircraft carriers, but all you need is a horse. We’ve distilled what we’ve learned, making all the little picky decisions so you don’t have to: just get to work on your project!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### jendrikseipp/vulture

  <p>Find dead Python code.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### muhammedattif/Paymob-Solutions

  <p>A simple Python package that provides convenient access to the Paymob APIs from applications written in the Python language.</p>

  [None](None)