---
description: Black Friday deals, django-ninja v1.0 released, querying every file in
  PyPI, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 207
published: 2023-11-24 11:00:00+00:00
title: Django 5.0 release candidate 1 released and Python 3.13.0 alpha 2
url: https://django-news.com/issues/207
---

# [Django 5.0 release candidate 1 released and Python 3.13.0 alpha 2](https://django-news.com/issues/207)

Black Friday deals, django-ninja v1.0 released, querying every file in PyPI, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django 5.0 release candidate 1 released

  <p>Django 5.0 release candidate 1 is the final opportunity for you to try out a deluge of exciting new features before Django 5.0 is released.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python 3.13.0 alpha 2 is now available

  <p>Python 3.13.0a2 is the second of seven planned alpha releases.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### Wagtail CMS Accessibility Webinar

  <p>Join us on December 13th to explore accessibility within the world of Wagtail CMS. Whether you're a seasoned Wagtail editor, a developer, or on the hunt for an open-source CMS that prioritizes accessibility - this event is for you.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Wagtail CMS Developer Training - Introductory Offer

  <p>Build your knowledge and skills in essential Django and Wagtail CMS practices. A two-part training programme, led by Senior Wagtail Developers that extends way beyond typical tutorials and documentation. Only 10 places available per course.
Apply here: https://bit.ly/wagtail-developer-training-course</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Django-related Deals for Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2023

  <p>Adam Johnson has collected a number of discounts including for his books, Michael Yin's, SaaS Pegasus, Tango with Django, testdriven.io, and Will Vincent's.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How to find a ticket on Django's trac

  <p>A helpful guide to finding, filtering, assigning tickets to yourself on Django's trac.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Querying every file in every release on the Python Package Index

  <p>How to query every PyPI file in every release to examine programming language usage trends and metadata adoption.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Maybe Ignore type=search — Adrian Roselli

  <p>If you have a valid, accessible search field (with a useful, sensible label) then you can probably ignore type="search" and use type="text" instead. Lots of examples are included for every web browser.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Building a Bootstrap styled form in vanilla Django

  <p>A detailed look at rebuilding <code>django-crispy-forms</code> functionality using vanilla Django; no 3rd party packages allowed. Hint: it's hard!</p>

  [None](None)

  ### A Disorganized List of Maintainer Tasks

  <p>A lengthy list of maintainer tasks from the maintainer of Flask, David Lord. It should provide some appreciation for the work our Django Fellows and others do!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### How to Render Markdown in a Django Application

  <p>A good tutorial demonstrating how to add markdown to a Django app, display it in the templates, and format code snippets using Pygments.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### Django Ninja 1.0 - What's new

  <p>Django Ninja v1.0 just released! It is a web framework for building APIs with Django and Python 3.6+ type hints.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US 2023: The First Talk about his First Contribution with Ryan Cheley

  <p>Jay Miller interviewed first-time-conference presenter Ryan Cheley at DjangoCon US 2023.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Day CPH 2023: Jon Gould -Unlocking the Django Job Market: Strategies for Developers and Employers

  <p>Jon Gould provides some expert tips on moving between jobs, obtaining your first job, and then switches focus to "How to hire a Django developer," focusing on writing a job spec, interviewing/testing, and making an offer.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Lifetime access to SaaS Pegasus 50% off this week only

  <p>SaaS Pegasus is the configurable SaaS boilerplate trusted by more than a thousand Django developers. With built-in features like teams, billing, a modern front end, instant deployment and more, you can use it to launch your next application faster than you imagined possible. This week only, you can get a lifetime license for Pegasus for 50% off (a $500 savings).</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Chat #151: Web Security with Mackenzie Jackson

  <p>Mackenzie is a developer advocate at GitGuardian. We discuss handling security reports in Django, the pros and cons of environment variables, why ChatGPT is a security concern and more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django Forum

  ### Django 5.0 string freeze is in effect, translations needed!

  <p>If you'd like to help translate the Django 5.0 docs, now is the time!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### radiac/django-flasky

  <p>Write a Django site which looks like Flask.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### sampotts/plyr

  <p>A simple HTML5, YouTube and Vimeo player.</p>

  [None](None)