---
description: 14 Merged PRs to Django, customizing 404/500 pages, Django Day Copenhagen
  2023 Videos, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 201
published: 2023-10-13 10:00:00+00:00
title: 201 Created - Last call for DjangoCon US 2023 tickets!
url: https://django-news.com/issues/201
---

# [201 Created - Last call for DjangoCon US 2023 tickets!](https://django-news.com/issues/201)

14 Merged PRs to Django, customizing 404/500 pages, Django Day Copenhagen 2023 Videos, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Last call for DjangoCon US 2023 tickets!

  <p>DjangoCon US kicks off this Monday, October 16th - 18th. Online tickets are still on sale!</p>

<p>If you are attending this year, Jeff, Will, and Catherine will be there. Say hello in person or virtually.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Help us make the djangoproject.com website better

  <p>Did you know a redesign is happening to the main djangoproject.com website? Please fill out this concise survey to share your thoughts on improving it.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### Our Outreachy projects in 2023

  <p>Wagtail is joining Outreachy’s open-source internships program with a focus on accessibility.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### 

  

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### The Absolute Minimum Every Software Developer Must Know About Unicode in 2023 (Still No Excuses!)

  <p>Modern extension to classic 2003 article by Joel Spolsky</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### It’s my first DjangoCon US. What should I bring?

  <p>It’s your first DjangoCon US (or maybe even your first tech conference). Are you concerned about what you should pack?</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### Customizing Django 404 and 500 Error Pages

  <p>This tutorial will run through a sample Django project to demonstrate the Django default 404 and 500 pages and how to customize them.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### Django Day Copenhagen 2023 Video Playlist

  <p>All videos from Django Day Copenhagen 2023 are now up and available!</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Sarah Boyce - Djangonaut Space - Launch! - Django Day CPH 2023

  <p>Sarah Boyce's talk on launching the new Djangonaut Space program to help and mentor new contributors to Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Marijke Luttekes - Clean up your code with quality tools - Django Day CPH 2023

  <p>A talk on the myriad tools available to help teams write clean code and even fix common mistakes for you. Examples include the implementation of black, isort, and ruff.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### The Django Styleguide

  <p>A pragmatic approach for building Django apps of all sizes. Find it on GitHub today!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### PyCharm's Year of Django - Paul Everitt

  <p>Paul Everitt is a Python advocate at JetBrains, the maker of PyCharm. We discuss what makes PyCharm a powerful Python IDE, its current “year of Django” focus, and why testing isn’t about eating your vegetables but joy.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### carltongibson/django-unique-user-email

  <p>Enable login-by-email with the default User model for your Django project by making auth.User.email unique.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### britisharmy/convert_html_tags_to_django_static

  <p>Convert HTML tags to Django static.</p>

  [None](None)