---
description: Caching DRF, how virtual environments work, django-simple-history deep
  dive, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 171
published: 2023-03-17 10:00:00+00:00
title: DjangoCon US 2023 Preview
url: https://django-news.com/issues/171
---

# [DjangoCon US 2023 Preview](https://django-news.com/issues/171)

Caching DRF, how virtual environments work, django-simple-history deep dive, and more.

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Meet Wagtail, the #1 Django-powered CMS

  <p>100% open source. Powered by Python &amp; Django. Built for editors and developers with excellent documentation.</p>

<p>Trusted by Google, NASA and hundreds of thousands of organisations around the world.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### How virtual environments work

  <p>A comprehensive look at how virtual environments work to help demystify them.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Time Travel with django-simple-history

  <p>A closer look at <code>django-simple-history,</code> a third-party Django package that provides model version control, including who made the change, when it was made, and the difference.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Marketing for Developers

  <p>A reasonably comprehensive list of steps one can take for their projects to get more visibility.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How migrate an existing Joomla CMS website to a Django Backend

  <p>Migrating a Joomla based website to a Django Backend with 90 Gb worth of data.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Caching and Django Rest Framework

  <p>How and when to cache a Django API, as well as advice for when NOT to.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Design Articles

  ### An end to typographic widows on the web

  <p>Currently shipping in Chrome Canary, and thus soon to be in Blink-based browsers, including Edge, is a relatively new CSS declaration that promises to end typographic widows virtually.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Upgrade Django

  <p>Upgrade Django is a simple cheat sheet to Django versions and releases with additional observations from REVSYS on the most exciting highlights, gotchas, and other information from their extensive experience upgrading clients' Django applications.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Chat #135: DjangoCon US 2023 - Drew Winstel

  <p>Drew is a software engineer at TheNounProject and has chaired many things at DjangoCon US 2019-23. We discuss organizing DjangoCon US events, the tech stack at TheNounProject, homebrewing, testing, ChatGPT, and more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### ephes/django-cast

  <p>Django and Wagtail based blogging / podcasting app.</p>

  [None](None)