---
description: Python 3.12.0rc1, Generative Agents with Django (sort-of), ORM Cheatsheet,
  a Retargetable Python Compiler, and more!
newsletter: Django News
number: 192
published: 2023-08-11 10:00:00+00:00
title: Python 3.12.0rc1 and Generative Agents oh mai
url: https://django-news.com/issues/192
---

# [Python 3.12.0rc1 and Generative Agents oh mai](https://django-news.com/issues/192)

Python 3.12.0rc1, Generative Agents with Django (sort-of), ORM Cheatsheet, a Retargetable Python Compiler, and more!

  ----

  ## News

  ### Python 3.12.0 release candidate 1 released

  <p>Python 3.12.0rc1 is the first release candidate of Python 3.12, with a final version expected on 2023-10-02. Maintainers are urged to ready their projects for 3.12 compatibility, though this preview is not advised for production use.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### The Python Software Foundation 2022 Annual Impact Report

  <p>The Python Software Foundation's 2022 Annual Impact Report highlights a year where they welcomed a new Executive Director, reconvened for the first in-person PyCon US since 2019, expanded membership options, awarded $215K in grants, incorporated PyLadies chapters into their fiscal sponsorship program and much more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python Software Foundation News: Announcing Our New PyPI Safety & Security Engineer!

  <p>Mike Fiedler joins the PSF as the inaugural PyPI Safety &amp; Security Engineer, boasting 15 years of Python experience and a recent role as a PyPI Maintainer. See from <a href="https://cur.at/81idQMo">Mike's follow-up post</a> too.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Sick of performance issues? Enter Scout's APM tool for Python apps. Easily pinpoint and fix slowdowns with intelligent tracing logic. Optimize performance hassle-free, delighting your users. Try us out for free!

  

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Django: The perils of string_if_invalid in templates

  <p>The use of <code>string_if_invalid</code> in Django templates can lead to issues, prompting suggestions to avoid or even remove it, with ongoing experiments exploring alternative behaviors inspired by Jinja's flexibility.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django ORM Cheatsheet: Mastering Database Operations in Django

  <p>A comprehensive cheatsheet for Django's ORM offers newcomers and experienced developers a go-to guide for mastering database interactions without needing raw SQL queries.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### LPython: Novel, Fast, Retargetable Python Compiler

  <p>LPython, a new Python compiler, offers fast compilation to optimized machine code across multiple backends, boasts Just-In-Time (JIT) capabilities, and interoperates with CPython, while aiming to deliver both rapid runtime and code generation, with the project currently in its alpha stage.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Quirks of Python package versioning

  <p>Python package versioning, while seemingly straightforward with formats like SemVer, has intricate quirks that necessitate using the official <code>packaging.version.Version</code> class rather than treating versions as mere strings.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### Announcement: CFP Launch – PyLadies

  <p>PyLadiesCon, a conference promoting diversity in the Python community, has opened its Call for Papers and invites speakers of all backgrounds to share their expertise for the online event scheduled from Dec 1-3, 2023.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Maintenance is Mandatory. Keeping your Django applications up to date helps avoid serious security problems and bugs.

  

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Craft of Open Source Podcast: #49 OpenFeature

  <p>On the Flagsmith podcast, Justin Abrahms, Principal Architect at OpenFeature with a notable background in Django, delves into the evolution of open-source development, underscoring its pivotal role in tech and advocating for enhanced open-source management.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### joonspk-research/generative_agents

  <p>The Smallville sandbox world is a core simulation module for generative agents. The repository for <a href="https://cur.at/C3sRvN3">"Generative Agents: Interactive Simulacra of Human Behavior"</a> provides a Django-built core simulation module for computational agents that mimic human behaviors, complete with setup instructions and demo animation.</p>

<blockquote><p>25 AI agents inhabit a digital Westworld, unaware that they are living in a simulation. They go to work, gossip, organize socials, make new friends, and even fall in love. Each has a unique personality and backstory. <a href="https://cur.at/zlXCDQI">source</a></p></blockquote>

  [None](None)

  ### incuna/django-pgcrypto-fields

  <p>Transparent field level encryption for Django using the pgcrypto postgresql extension.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### centerofci/mathesar

  <p>Web application providing an intuitive user experience to databases.</p>

  [None](None)