---
description: More updates to Django, lazy QuerySets, modern CSS solutions, DjangoCon
  Europe videos, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 186
published: 2023-06-30 10:00:00+00:00
title: Wagtail Roadmap
url: https://django-news.com/issues/186
---

# [Wagtail Roadmap](https://django-news.com/issues/186)

More updates to Django, lazy QuerySets, modern CSS solutions, DjangoCon Europe videos, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Introducing the Wagtail Roadmap

  <p>Curious what's next for Wagtail? There's a roadmap for that.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Deprecation of bdist_egg uploads to PyPI

  <p>PyPI will stop accepting .egg uploads starting August 1, 2023. If you maintain and packages on PyPI, you'll want to know this.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Updates to Django

  ### Updates to Django

  <p>From Django Review and Triage Team Member <a href="https://cur.at/YO5BSXm">Sarah Boyce</a>...</p>

<p>Last week we had <a href="https://cur.at/D6LdGgq">10 pull requests</a> merged into Django by 8 different contributors - including 1 first time contributor!
Congratulations to <a href="https://cur.at/EgGssf2">Yaser Amiri</a> for having their first commit merged into Django - welcome on board!</p>

<p>Now, from Django 5.0, <a href="https://cur.at/7oWyICK">@sensitive_variables and @sensitive_post_parameters</a> supports async functions!</p>

<p>Are you excited to contribute but not know where to start? Maybe you're interested in migrations? You could add logging of applied/unapplied migrations <a href="https://cur.at/ibFgQFg">#24800</a>
and then you'd be perfect to add contributor documentation for django.db.migrations <a href="https://cur.at/n5aQkrO">#24989</a>!
Look forward to welcoming you on board!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Learn More About our Django Services

  <p>At HackSoft, we offer expert Django software development, consultation and support, to help you build robust and scalable software.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### COUNTing is hard: A tale of types in SQL and Django

  <p>The tale of an ORM bug that took several hours to sort out and led to a deep dive into what was actually going on.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### QuerySets are Lazy

  <p>Exploring the Lazy Evaluation in Django QuerySets</p>

  [None](None)

  ### State of WASI support for CPython: June 2023

  <p>From Brett Cannon, an update on where WASI support for CPython stood today and what he sees happening in the future.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How to Ditch Codecov for Python Projects

  <p>Codecov’s unreliability breaking CI on my open source projects has been a constant source of frustration for me for years. I have found a way to enforce coverage over a whole GitHub Actions build matrix that doesn’t rely on third-party services.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python Type Hints - Modernized error messages in Mypy 1.4.0

  <p>A note on three new improvements to Mypy and how to use them.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### 2023 Python Software Foundation Board Nomination for Peolo Melchiorre

  <p>Paolo is a prominent member of the Django community and one of the candidates for election on the PSF Board.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### Announcement: PyLadies Conference

  <p>A PyLadiesCon will take place on the first weekend of December this year, a transformative event designed to promote diversity, learning, and empowerment within the Python community. 🎉</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### Modern CSS Solutions

  <p>A series examining modern CSS solutions to problems Stephanie Eckles (@5t3ph), a seasoned frontend developer, has been solving for 15+ years.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### DjangoCon Europe 2023: Squeezing Django performance for 14.9 million users on WhatsApp

  <p>A talk focused on backend performance, specifically a Django REST API, used to disseminate accurate information about Covid and later manage registrations and bookings for vaccinations.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon Europe 2023: Model-View-Controller (MVC) through the ages and in Django

  <p>MVC is an architectural pattern with a 50-odd year history that also left an imprint on Django. Can its continuing relevance teach us something about fundamental software design principles?</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Blaze.horse — Django Starter Kit

  <p>Big tech thinks everyone needs to build aircraft carriers, but all you need is a horse. We’ve distilled what we’ve learned, making all the little picky decisions so you don’t have to: just get to work on your project!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### worthwhile/django-herald

  <p>A Django messaging library.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### codeinthehole/django-cacheback

  <p>Smart caching for Django using Celery to refresh cached items asynchronously.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### New Maintainer Needed for the byro project (by end of July)

  <p>The Byro project is looking for a maintainer if anyone is interested in continuing the project.</p>

  [None](None)