---
description: Optimizing response times, rendering template fragments, upcoming DjangoCons,
  and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 197
published: 2023-09-15 10:00:00+00:00
title: Django 5.0 Feature Freeze Coming Soon
url: https://django-news.com/issues/197
---

# [Django 5.0 Feature Freeze Coming Soon](https://django-news.com/issues/197)

Optimizing response times, rendering template fragments, upcoming DjangoCons, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Status of 5.0 alpha release.

  <p>Last call for new Django 5.0 features. If you have a specific PR you would like prioritized, please let them know by Monday, September 18, 2023.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### 

  

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Optimizing Response Time: A Deep Dive with Lincoln Loop

  <p>Analysis of a performance optimization journey with a large publishing platform using Django that serves hundreds of thousands to millions of page views daily.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Rendering Template Fragments with django-template-partials

  <p>This post looks at the <code>django-template-partials</code> library, a package developed by Carlton Gibson that allows you to render HTML template fragments in response to requests in Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Death by a Thousand Microservices 

  <p>A look back at the trend of microservices and how the pendulum is swinging back to good 'ole monoliths like Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Deploying Django with Kamal (mrsk)

  <p>A detailed guide and explanation of Django deployment with <a href="https://cur.at/dfAa9pM">Kamal</a>.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Creating a great Python DevX

  <p>Several good tips are here, but we can't unsee Nox's enum support. 👀</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### Buy your tickets to DjangoCon US 2023!

  <p>DjangoCon US 2023 is quickly approaching. Discounted rooms at the main hotel  are in limited supply and go away entirely on September 15.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon Africa 2023

  <p>An updated website for the first DjangoCon Africa, occurring November 6-11 in Zanzibar, Tanzania.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PGConf NYC 2023

  <p>A 3-day conference in New York City October 3-5 packed with user stories and best practices for how to use PostgreSQL, the world's most advanced open source database.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Girls Durham on 15th October 2023

  <p>Django Girls is a one-day workshop about programming in Python and Django tailored for women.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Design Articles

  ### Web Components Can Be Simple: Web Components in Django

  <p>A look at using custom middleware to create custom Web Components, make them interactive, and load them on-demand in Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Adactio: Journal—Multi-page web apps

  <p>Preach.</p>

<blockquote><p>The default approach should be to assume a multi-page approach (which is the way the web works by default). Deciding to take a JavaScript-driven single-page approach should be the exception.</p></blockquote>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### Add database search with Django and HTMX

  <p>A tutorial and video showing how to create a database search using Django and HTMX in just 6 steps.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### Season Finale Q&A | HackCast S03E10

  <p>HackCast is the official HackSoft podcast and season 3 focuses on the business side of things, notably how to transition from developer to starting your own company.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How We're Building AI Search Engines using LLM Embeddings

  <p>A quick demonstration and explanation of using Django to build an "AI-powered search" for job descriptions</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### The Django Styleguide

  <p>A pragmatic approach for building Django apps of all sizes. Find it on GitHub today!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Python People with Mariatta Wijaya

  <p>Python People is a weekly podcast about getting to know the people who help make the Python community great. It's less about the tech, and more about the people.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### Bun — A fast all-in-one JavaScript runtime

  <p>Develop, test, run, and bundle JavaScript &amp; TypeScript projects—all with Bun. Bun is an all-in-one JavaScript runtime &amp; toolkit designed for speed, complete with a bundler, test runner, and Node.js-compatible package manager.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### yunojuno/django-user-visit

  <p>Django app for recording daily user visits.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### saadmk11/github-actions-version-updater

  <p>A GitHub action that Updates all GitHub actions in a repository and creates a pull request with the updates.</p>

  [None](None)