---
description: Django security release, Django 5.0 goodies, HTMX for infinite scroll,
  customizing the admin, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 204
published: 2023-11-03 10:00:00+00:00
title: 204 No Content - Django 4.2.7, 4.1.13, and 3.2.23 Security Release
url: https://django-news.com/issues/204
---

# [204 No Content - Django 4.2.7, 4.1.13, and 3.2.23 Security Release](https://django-news.com/issues/204)

Django security release, Django 5.0 goodies, HTMX for infinite scroll, customizing the admin, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django security releases issued: 4.2.7, 4.1.13, and 3.2.23

  <p>A new security release for a potential denial of service vulnerability in <code>UsernameField</code> on Windows. As ever, the best security practice is to keep your Django version up to date with the latest release.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python Software Foundation News: Announcing our new Community Communications Manager!

  <p>The PSF's first Communications Manager will establish a PSF communications calendar, including annual messaging, newsletters, and blog posts. She will also partner with our Executive Director, Deb Nicholson, and other staffers to enhance our support for the Python community with various initiatives.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### Wagtail 5.2 (LTS) release notes

  <p>Wagtail 5.2 is designated a Long Term Support (LTS) release which includes a redesigned page listing view, OpenSearch support, responsive &amp; multi-format images with the picture tag, and much more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Curate content better and make it greener in Wagtail 5.2

  <p>A nice overview of Wagtail 5.2's new features.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Get Expert Developer Support from the creators of Wagtail CMS

  <p>Get support for your developers from our team of Wagtail experts: from reviewing your Wagtail set-up and planning complex features, to code reviews, pair programming and more. We offer a range of plans, special pricing for charities and universities, and profits are invested in Wagtail product development.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### New goodies in Django 5.0

  <p>From Django Fellow Mariusz Felisiak, an exploration of the "deluge" of amazing new features added in Django 5.0</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Moving from Django Microframework to Django

  <p>A detailed look at recent efforts to create a single file Django "Hello, World" example and why analyzing those efforts demystifies some of the "magic" behind Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Customize the Django admin to differentiate environments

  <p>An elegant way to configure the admin colors based on production/staging/local environment.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Add infinite scroll with Django and HTMX in 60 seconds

  <p>Speed your initial load - get content only when the user wants it.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Toward sustainable development practices in open source

  <p>Mostly Python is a newsletter by Eric Matthes, the author of Python Crash Course and the <a href="https://cur.at/8YEGenL">django-simple-deploy</a> package. This article talks about the new Djangonaut program and how it ties into sustainable open source.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Guide to setting up GeoDjango on Mac M1

  <p>How to setup GeoDjango using conda on an M-series Mac.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Not all open source work is equal

  <p>Python maintainer Hynek Schlaweck shares his thoughts on how being compensated for his work has helped him carve out more time to work on the open-source projects he maintains.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Forum

  ### Updating our DEP process / DEP 1 - Django Internals

  <p>There is a good discussion on the Django Enhancement Proposal (DEP) process and how it might be updated and streamlined nearly a decade later.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### DjangoCon Africa November 6-11

  <p>The first ever DjangoCon Africa is taking place in Zanzibar, Tanzania with six days of talks, workshops, education, and collaboration with the international Django community.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python Pizza Hamburg (November 17th)

  <p>A microconference filled with pizza and 10-minute talks sharing lessons and experiences from real-world projects.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US 2023: Durham, NC Photos

  <p>DjangoCon US 2023 photos are live and were taken by Bartek Pawlik who has taken photos at many Django conferences and events all over the world going back a decade.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### Django Day CPH 2023: Paris Kasidiaris - Taming rich text content in Django

  <p>A talk on the challenges and opportunities of working with rich text in Django, and the development of the <a href="https://cur.at/fAetZES">django-prose</a> third-party package.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Day CPH 2023: Wilhelm Klopp on How to spend less time writing tests

  <p>This talk shares a novel approach to deterministically generating working integration tests from traces recorded using kolo. This reduces the time it takes to write tests overall and the often painful experience of setting up fixtures, test data, and database state.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### VIDEO + Live Demo: Build ChatGPT-like Apps with AI

  <p>If you're interested in the practical applications of AI and Large Language Models (LLMs), you'll find value in this talk and live demo. The presentation goes beyond theory to include real-world examples and best practices, including a GitHub repository packed with Python code and ChatGPT-like app examples that will help you spin up your own app.</p>

  [None](None)

  ###  Python Community News: DjangoCon US 2023 Perspectives

  <p>A playlist with six and counting videos of DjangoCon US participants discussing the conference and their work in the Django community.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Sick of performance issues? 

  <p>Enter Scout's APM tool for Python apps. Easily pinpoint and fix slowdowns with intelligent tracing logic. Optimize performance hassle-free, delighting your users. Try us out for free!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### ambient-innovation/django-pony-express

  <p>Class-based emails for Django shipping with a test suite.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### django-cms/django-sekizai: Django Template Blocks with extra functionality

  <p>Django Template Blocks with extra functionality.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### valberg/django-htmx-admin

  <p>What if we put HTMX into the Django Admin?</p>

  [None](None)