---
description: 4.2 update to Django for Beginners, prepare your site for traffic spikes,
  CSRF and Trusted Origins, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 178
published: 2023-05-05 10:00:00+00:00
title: 'Django security releases: 4.2.1, 4.1.9, 3.2.19'
url: https://django-news.com/issues/178
---

# [Django security releases: 4.2.1, 4.1.9, 3.2.19](https://django-news.com/issues/178)

4.2 update to Django for Beginners, prepare your site for traffic spikes, CSRF and Trusted Origins, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django security releases issued: 4.2.1, 4.1.9, and 3.2.19

  <p>The Django team announces the release of Django 4.2.1, Django 4.1.9, and Django 3.2.19, addressing a security issue and urging users to upgrade promptly.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Wagtail 5.0 is now available

  <p>Featuring dark mode, more image options with SVG support, enhanced accessibility checker, and more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Django for Beginners/APIs/Professionals

  <p>Level up your Django knowledge with Django for Beginners, Django for APIs, or Django for Professionals, or gift it to a friend. Sample chapters are available to preview for free. Bundle discount available!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### 3 Tips to Prepare Your Publisher Website for Traffic Spikes

  <p>Some tips for how to prepare for your website going viral.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django for Beginners 4.2 Update

  <p>What's new in the 4.2 edition update to the book, <a href="https://cur.at/V2vYHZb">Django for Beginners</a>.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### CSRF and Trusted Origins in Django 4.x+

  <p>A quick note and advice on managing CSRF and Trusted Origins.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How we added SVG support to Wagtail 5.0

  <p>Wagtail 5.0 to introduce SVG image support, sponsored by YouGov, with a detailed blog post on enabling the feature, security, and implementation insights.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### PyCon AU Call for Proposals

  <p>The CFP is open until May 14th and once again there is a dedicated DjangoCon AU track.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### Upgrade PostgreSQL from 14 to 15 on Ubuntu 23.04

  <p>A guide on upgrading PostgreSQL from version 14 to 15 on Ubuntu 23.04 (Lunar Lobster).</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### Citus Con: Maps with Django (and PostGIS)

  <p>View Paolo Melchiorre's Citus Con 2023 presentation on leveraging Django's GeoDjango for web mapping, geospatial data storage, and query execution, with examples from basic Spatialite/SQLite maps to advanced interactive PostGIS and PostgreSQL maps.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Chat 139: Test and Code with Brian Okken

  <p>Brian is the host of the Test &amp; Code podcast, co-host of the Python Bytes podcast, and author of the book Python Testing with pytest. We discuss testing in general, pytest in particular, and how to test Django projects.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### saxix/django-admin-extra-buttons

  <p><code>django-admin-extra-buttons</code> is a rewrite of <code>django-admin-extra-url</code>, offering decorators that simplify the process of incorporating custom buttons on Django Admin pages and integrating views with any ModelAdmin.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### django-q2/django-q2

  <p>A multiprocessing distributed task queue for Django based on Django-Q.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsorship

  ### Django for Beginners 4.2 Released

  <p>The 4.2 release of Django for Beginners is now available featuring two new chapters focused on deployment.</p>

  [None](None)