---
description: Adding full-text search with django-watson, the history of the Django
  pony, pagination example, SEO tutorial, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 206
published: 2023-11-17 11:00:00+00:00
title: 206 Partial Content - Django Sprints Proposal
url: https://django-news.com/issues/206
---

# [206 Partial Content - Django Sprints Proposal](https://django-news.com/issues/206)

Adding full-text search with django-watson, the history of the Django pony, pagination example, SEO tutorial, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Paolo Melchiorre - My Django active developers Sprints proposal 🌅

  <p>The story of how the proposal to organize sprints on the Django active developers was born and how I proposed it during the past DjangoCon US 2022 in San Diego to various components of the Django community.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PyPI has completed its first security audit

  <p>The results of PyPI's very first external security audit. The first post in a three-part series.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### Wagtail 5.2.1

  <p>Wagtail 5.2.1 is a bugfix release that addresses over a dozen fixes.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Looking for sponsorship – Accessibility checks for site administrators

  <p>We’re building state-of-the-art accessibility checks within the CMS, replacing expensive monitoring tools. Help us make this happen faster!</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Wagtail Community Spotlight: LB

  <p>Meet LB, a Wagtail core team member, one of our best frontend experts, and a champion for new contributors.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Wagtail CMS Developer Training - Introductory Offer

  <p>Build your knowledge and skills in essential Django and Wagtail CMS practices. A two-part training programme, led by Senior Wagtail Developers that extends way beyond typical tutorials and documentation. Only 10 places available per course.
Apply here: https://bit.ly/wagtail-developer-training-course</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### HTML First

  <p> A set of principles that aims to make building web software easier, faster, more inclusive, and more maintainable.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Adding Full Text Search to Your Django App with django-watson

  <p>Learn how to supercharge your Django app with full-text search using Django-Watson. Dive deep into Postgres magic and boost search functionality.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Why is Django's (Unofficial) Mascot a Pony?

  <p>A brief history of the Django pony mascot and its magical powers.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django: Maybe disable PostgreSQL’s JIT to speed up many-joined queries

  <p> A write-up of an optimization by disabling a PostgreSQL feature called the JIT (Just-In-Time) compiler which was taking a long time for little benefit.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Error Culture

  <p>A list of some common characteristics of Error Culture.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### A simple pagination example in Django 

  <p>Short and to-the-point demonstration of using the default paginator functionality in django.core.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Basic Search Engine Optimizations Tutorial

  <p>Learn how to do basic SEO such as correctly formatted HTML, image alt attributes, naming images, setting a robots file, and a sitemap.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Let's Code an AI Search Engine with LLM Embeddings, Django, and pgvector

  <p>How to build a prototype application that enables searching for job descriptions using an unstructured, English-language description of a job seeker.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Sick of performance issues? Enter Scout's APM tool for Python apps. Easily pinpoint and fix slowdowns with intelligent tracing logic. Optimize performance hassle-free, delighting your users. Try us out for free!

  

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django Forum

  ### Change reusable apps naming recommendation

  <p>Adam Johnson raised the question on the Forum as well as on Mastodon and Twitter, proposing a chance to the docs default naming recommendation, such as <code>django_prefix</code> to prevent name clashes.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Checklists for upgrading packages and upgrading Python - Public Notes

  <p>Public notes on a step-by-step guide to upgrading packages and Python itself, especially in advance of Django 5.0's release.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### nikolaik/docker-python-nodejs

  <p>Python with Node.js Docker image.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### danihodovic/django-webhook

  <p>Outgoing Django webhooks triggered on model changes.</p>

  [None](None)