---
description: 16 pull requests merged into Django last week, using Ruff with Django,
  Django forms with Alpine.js, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 190
published: 2023-07-28 10:00:00+00:00
title: Django/PyCharm Campaign Extended to July 31st
url: https://django-news.com/issues/190
---

# [Django/PyCharm Campaign Extended to July 31st](https://django-news.com/issues/190)

16 pull requests merged into Django last week, using Ruff with Django, Django forms with Alpine.js, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django + PyCharm Campaign Extended to July 31st

  <p>You get a 30% discounted year of PyCharm, AND the Django Software Foundation gets 100% of the proceeds. Plus, get one free month of access to JetBrains Academy, which has courses like Intro to Django, SQL, Git, and more!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Learn More About our Django Services

  <p>At HackSoft, we offer expert Django software development, consultation and support, to help you build robust and scalable software.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Deploying a Django app with Docker, Ansible and Traefik

  <p>Code-filled outline of deploying a Django app via Docker, The accompanying project, <a href="https://cur.at/zr4MbD6">Intelligent Library Management Online</a>, is also open-source.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Colophon: July 2023 Edition

  <p>I’ve got a reasonably ergonomic stack for this site at the moment, and I’d like to tell you about it.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How ruff changed my Python programming habits

  <p><a href="https://cur.at/iGsyv0H">Ruff</a> is an extremely fast Python linter written in Rust. It is so fast that enabling additional rules is practically free in terms of speed; the only question is if those rules lead to better, or maybe just to more correct and consistent code.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How to create a Django form in 2mins using Alpine.js

  <p>A hands-on tutorial on creating an async Django form simply and neatly with Alpine.js.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Customize Django Admin Interface

  <p>An in-depth look at ways to customize (and perhaps improve) Django's admin app.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### Django REST Framework Authentication with Auth.js | TestDriven.io

  <p>This tutorial looks at how to add authentication to Django REST Framework and integrate it with Auth.js.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Python People #3: Brett Cannon - Public Speaking, Canada, Fountain Pens, Community

  <p><a href="https://cur.at/flzM5SA">Python People</a> is a new podcast from Brian Okken focusing on the people behind Python. This episode features Brett Cannon, a Python core developer and manager of the Python experience on VS Code.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### zostera/django-bootstrap5

  <p>Bootstrap 5 for Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### moan0s/ILMO2

  <p>Intelligent Library Management Online - A simple Web-App for the organization of a library, the users, books, opening hours and lendings.</p>

  [None](None)