---
description: Python 3.12.0 alpha 6 released, django-htmx tutorial, testing multiple
  Python versions, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 170
published: 2023-03-10 11:00:00+00:00
title: Django Developers Survey 2022 Results
url: https://django-news.com/issues/170
---

# [Django Developers Survey 2022 Results](https://django-news.com/issues/170)

Python 3.12.0 alpha 6 released, django-htmx tutorial, testing multiple Python versions, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django Developers Survey 2022 Results

  <p>The results of the 2022 Django Developers Survey are now live. Almost 5,000 Django users from 248 countries took the survey.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python Insider: Python 3.12.0 alpha 6 released

  <p>Python 3.12.0a6 is the sixth of seven planned alpha releases. Alpha releases are intended to make testing the current state of new features and bug fixes easier. Today is a good time to start testing your code with Python 3.12.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### [Events] Wagtail Webinar- Find out What’s New in Wagtail CMS

  <p>Live demos of new features and a glimpse at what’s ahead.</p>

<p>The webinar is hosted at two different times to accommodate Wagtail’s global audience, so select the date that works best for you.</p>

<p>14th March, 10am GMT-
https://torchbox.zoom.us/webinar/register/3916782054756/WN_wmcfzFNISVyFhZWU6APGxg</p>

<p>15th March, 5pm GMT (noon EST) -
https://torchbox.zoom.us/webinar/register/1216782054907/WN_iYWVBH8DTcK7qiGPw_CxXw</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Django: How to profile and improve startup time

  <p>A post on several tools for profiling startup time and tactics for reducing it.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### More Batteries Please

  <p>Django Fellow Carlton Gibson with some thoughts on how/why to bring more official batteries into Python.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Testing multiple Python versions with nox and pyenv

  <p>If you need to test your code against multiple versions of Python and Django, Nox is an excellent tool for doing so, and I find it easier to use than Tox. Seth's example is just enough to get a feel for the types of test suites one may build.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Plotting the trail for Django Cairn

  <p>A high-level post from Tim Schilling on how to design Django projects.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django and HTMX

  <p>Tips on using Django, HTMX, and the <code>django-htmx</code> package.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### Full Django Course - Build A SaaS From Scratch

  <p>From Code with Stein, learn how to build a SaaS from scratch using Django, Tailwind and Stipe as the payment gateway.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Register for Python Web Conf Today!

  <p>Join Djangonauts from around the world for the 5th annual Python Web Conference (March 13-17). Tickets include 5 days, 65+ live talks, expert-led tutorials, social events, an exclusive pass to all conference recordings for 90 days, cool swag and more. Don’t wait, buy your ticket today!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### GoogleContainerTools/skaffold

  <p>Easy and Repeatable Kubernetes Development.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### tomusher/wagtail-ai

  <p>Get help with your Wagtail content using AI superpowers.</p>

  [None](None)