---
description: Speed up your queries, pre-commit tips, end-to-end testing, Djangonaut
  program, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 194
published: 2023-08-25 10:00:00+00:00
title: 'Professional Djangonaut skills '
url: https://django-news.com/issues/194
---

# [Professional Djangonaut skills ](https://django-news.com/issues/194)

Speed up your queries, pre-commit tips, end-to-end testing, Djangonaut program, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Python 3.11.5, 3.10.13, 3.9.18, and 3.8.18 is now available

  <p>The latest Python versions, including a security release.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Sick of performance issues? Enter Scout's APM tool for Python apps. Easily pinpoint and fix slowdowns with intelligent tracing logic. Optimize performance hassle-free, delighting your users. Try us out for free!

  

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Professional Djangonaut skills · Better Simple

  <p>A brief description of various skills, experiences and technologies I feel that a professional Djangonaut has.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Supercharge Your Django App: 7 Sneaky Tricks to Crush Slow Database Queries

  <p>A collection of tips compiled over the years to pinpoint and resolve inefficient Django queries.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### A DictWriter interface for Google Spreadsheets

  <p>Writing to Google Spreadsheets can be as easy as Python's DictWriter library.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Migrating a Django Project from a GPU to a Convenience Image on CircleCI

  <p>In response to the impending Linux image deprecation on September 30th, 2023, learn how to update your Docker image for better performance on CircleCI.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### Announcing Our Keynotes: Abigail Mesrenyame Dogbe

  <p>Abigail Mesrenyame Dogbe is keynoting DjangoCon US in Durham this October. Learn more about Abigail and her Open Source impact.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Get Active at DjangoCon US

  <p>🚴🏻🏃🏾🏊🏽🚶🏼 Looking to get active during DjangoCon US?</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### pre-commit with Django

  <p>Automate code checks before commits such as Black, isort, and ruff.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Customizing the Django Admin

  <p>Learn how to customize Django's admin site.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### Swiss Army Django: Small Footprint ETL - PyCon AU 2023

  <p>A case study of a single-application ETL system to scrape and enrich complex nested data and then expose it via GraphQL and Discord with Noah Kantrowitz.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Learn More About our Django Services

  <p>At HackSoft, we offer expert Django software development, consultation and support, to help you build robust and scalable software.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### adamchainz/flake8-comprehensions

  <p>A flake8 plugin to help you write better list/set/dict comprehensions.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### djangonaut-space/pilot-program

  <p>3-month group mentoring program for contributing to Django!</p>

  [None](None)