---
description: Django 4.1.8 bugfix, new Django Fellow, top 10 third-party packages,
  new Python 3.10, 3.11, and 3.12 alpha, optimization tips, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 174
published: 2023-04-07 10:00:00+00:00
title: Django 4.2 released
url: https://django-news.com/issues/174
---

# [Django 4.2 released](https://django-news.com/issues/174)

Django 4.1.8 bugfix, new Django Fellow, top 10 third-party packages, new Python 3.10, 3.11, and 3.12 alpha, optimization tips, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django 4.2 released

  <p>The Django team is happy to announce the release of Django 4.2.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Welcome our new Django Fellow - Natalia Bidart

  <p>The DSF Board and Fellows Committee are pleased to introduce Natalia Bidart as our new Django Fellow. Natalia will be joining Mariusz Felisiak who is continuing his long and excellent tenure as a Fellow.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django bugfix release: 4.1.8

  <p>This update fixes a bug in Django 4.1.7 that causes invalidation of sessions when rotating secret keys.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python 3.10.11, 3.11.3, and  3.12.0 alpha 7 released

  <p>Python 3.11.3, 3.10.11, and 3.12 alpha 7 are now available.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Wagtail 4.2.2 and 4.1.4 release notes

  <p>Security and bugfixes in the latest Wagtail release for <a href="https://cur.at/eRLyGb0">4.2.2</a> and for <a href="https://cur.at/p4uf3kM">4.1.4</a>.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Meet Wagtail, the #1 Django-powered CMS

  <p>100% open source. Powered by Python &amp; Django. Built for editors and developers with excellent documentation.</p>

<p>Trusted by Google, NASA and hundreds of thousands of organisations around the world.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Top 10 Django Third-Party Packages

  <p>An opinionated list of the top 10 third-party packages for any Django project.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Performance Optimization Tips

  <p>This article looks at where potential performance issues can occur in a Django application and how to address them in order to speed up your app.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### And I’m done!

  <p>Carlton Gibson wrote a short post on his last week as a Django Fellow and what comes next.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### We invested 10% to pay back tech debt; Here's what happened

  <p>Why and how we continuously invested the team bandwidth to pay back tech debt and what were the results?</p>

  [None](None)

  ### React Is Holding Me Hostage

  <p>A very comprehensive look at several years of using React in websites.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### PyCon US 2023 Call for Volunteers

  <p>Looking to make a meaningful contribution to the Python community? Look no further than PyCon US 2023!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### Learn Django and Nuxt 3 by Building a Job Board

  <p>Learn how to build a job board from scratch using Django and Nuxt 3 (Vue 3).</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### REVSYS

  <p>We can help you with your project as experienced Django developers and consultants. Follow our open-source projects on GitHub at <a href="https://cur.at/ZbsyxMC">https://github.com/revsys</a> to see what we're working on and how we can support you.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### The Real Python Podcast #151: Evaluating Python Packages & Celebrating 20 Years of PyCon US

  <p>Best practices for evaluating Python packages and special guest Deb Nicholson, executive director of the Python Software Foundation, to share details about PyCon US 2023.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### paperless-ngx/paperless-ngx

  <p>A community-supported supercharged version of paperless: scan, index and archive all your physical documents.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### adamchainz/django-upgrade

  <p>Automatically upgrade your Django projects. Worth using as you update to Django 4.2!</p>

  [None](None)