---
description: Formatting gone wrong, local dev environments, a Django/HTMX notification
  system, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 169
published: 2023-03-03 12:25:28.754000+00:00
title: DjangoCon US 2023 CFP is open
url: https://django-news.com/issues/169
---

# [DjangoCon US 2023 CFP is open](https://django-news.com/issues/169)

Formatting gone wrong, local dev environments, a Django/HTMX notification system, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### DjangoCon US 2023 Call for Proposals (CFP) is open!

  <p>Submit your proposal by May 15, 2023 and encourage your friends and colleagues to do the same.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Register for Python Web Conf Today!

  <p>Join Djangonauts from around the world for the 5th annual Python Web Conference (March 13-17). Tickets include 5 days, 65+ live talks, expert-led tutorials, social events, an exclusive pass to all conference recordings for 90 days, cool swag and more. Don’t wait, buy your ticket today!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Formatting Gone Wrong

  <p>Using <code>black</code> to format your Python code is usually a good idea but can sometimes cause unexpected errors. A case study on when this happens in Django around API keys.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python is two languages now, and that's actually great

  <p>A look at how both untyped and typed Python are used these days.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Single host Django and Docker deployment

  <p>A good starting point for a "minimum viable deployment strategy" with new Django projects.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Using pyproject.toml in your (Django) project

  <p>How and why to use <code>pyproject.toml</code> in your Django projects instead of older options like <code>setup.py</code>.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django: How to profile and improve startup time

  <p>Adam Johnson shows us to profile and potentially shave seconds off your Django app's startup time.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### DjangoCon US 2023 Opportunity Grant Applications Are Open

  <p>Opportunity grants help encourage and facilitate the participation of those who otherwise might not be able to attend the conference. They can be used for conference-related expenses like travel, lodging, etc. Applications are open until May 15.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### Deploying a Django App to Azure App Service

  <p>A look at how to securely deploy a Django app to Azure App Service, including the use of a custom domain.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### BugBytes: Django and HTMX #21 - WebSocket Notifications with the HTMX WebSocket Extension

  <p>A look at how to use HTMX's WebSocket extension with Django to create a notification system.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Get Expert Developer Support from the creators of Wagtail CMS

  <p>Get support for your developers from our team of Wagtail experts: from reviewing your Wagtail set-up and planning complex features, to code reviews, pair programming and more. We offer a range of plans, special pricing for charities and universities, and profits are invested in Wagtail product development.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Chat #134: Dev Environments - Calvin Hendryx-Parker

  <p>Calvin is the co-founder of Six Feet Up, a Django consultancy that also runs the upcoming online Python Web Conference. We discuss ideal developer environments, Apache Airflow, Kubernetes, testing, and more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### fabiocaccamo/python-benedict

  <p>python-benedict is a dict subclass with keylist/keypath support, I/O shortcuts (base64, csv, ini, json, pickle, plist, query-string, toml, xls, xml, yaml) and many utilities...</p>

  [None](None)

  ### hsv-dot-beer/hsvdotbeer

  <p>Interesting open-source project to collate beers in the Huntsville, AL area.</p>

  [None](None)