---
description: Django Chat is back, implement a model system like Instagram, serverless
  Django, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 198
published: 2023-09-22 10:00:00+00:00
title: Django 5.0 alpha 1 released
url: https://django-news.com/issues/198
---

# [Django 5.0 alpha 1 released](https://django-news.com/issues/198)

Django Chat is back, implement a model system like Instagram, serverless Django, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django 5.0 alpha 1 released

  <p>Django 5.0 alpha 1 is now available. It represents the first stage in the 5.0 release cycle and is an opportunity for you to try out the changes coming in Django 5.0. There are many new exciting features, which you can read about in the <a href="https://cur.at/Zdg6UuI">in-development 5.0 release notes</a>.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python Release Python 3.12.0rc3

  <p>Python 3.12.0rc3 "is the absolutely <em>last release preview</em>" for Python 3.12.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### 

  

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### How to model a following system similar to Twitter and Instagram with Python and Django

  <p>A detailed guide to implementing a follower system in Django 4.2 similar to Twitter, Instagram, etc. complete with helper methods to create/remove relationships.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django: Move a template tag library into builtins

  <p>How to add a template library to builtins and remove existing {% load %} tags from your templates.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Smooth Database Changes in Blue-Green Deployments

  <p>Let's explore how to make smooth blue-green deployments in Django using advanced migration tools.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Fixing the "Data for this panel isn't available anymore" error in Django Debug Toolbar

  <p>A one-line fix to this common error when using the excellent Django Debug Toolbar.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Keep content managers' admin access up-to-date with role-based permissions

  <p>A clever way to implement role-based permissions in a Django CMS.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Upload your brain: How to add serverless functions to Django in 6 minutes (with HTMX and AWS Lambda)

  <p>A short guide (and accompanying video) on adding serverless functions to Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### DjangoCon Africa financial assistance fund

  <p>The first edition of DjangoCon Africa takes place this year, 6-11 November, in Zanzibar, Tanzania. This is a GoFundMe to help raise more funds to assist with travel and accommodation for many attendees, including speakers, who will otherwise be unable to attend. This applies particularly to attendees who will be coming from other African nations.</p>

<p>Every single penny that we receive in donations will be used to assist travellers on low budgets, and every donation, however small, will help make a difference to a real person</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PyLadies London

  <p>Two talks on September 28th focused on prototyping with Django &amp; building bridges between engineers and non-engineers.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Announcing Our Panel Discussion: Who put me in charge? Moving beyond day-to-day coding in Django

  <p>DjangoCon US has a panel that you won't want to miss.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### The Django Styleguide

  <p>A pragmatic approach for building Django apps of all sizes. Find it on GitHub today!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Chat #146: Git and Django 5.0 with Adam Johnson

  <p>Adam is a prolific figure in the Django community and the author of a new book, Boost Your Git DX. We discuss the latest Django 5.0 alpha release, how to use aliases, managing third-party packages, and a plethora of tips and tricks with Git to improve your developer workflow.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### iommirocks/iommi

  <p>Your first pick for a django power cord.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PyCQA/bandit

  <p>Bandit is a tool designed to find common security issues in Python code.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### lekjos/django-custom-admin-pages

  <p>A Django app that allows you to register class-based views to appear in Django admin.</p>

  [None](None)