---
description: Wagtail 5.1, testing with Playwright, 3 git configuration tips, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 191
published: 2023-08-04 10:00:00+00:00
title: 'Django bugfix release: 4.2.4'
url: https://django-news.com/issues/191
---

# [Django bugfix release: 4.2.4](https://django-news.com/issues/191)

Wagtail 5.1, testing with Playwright, 3 git configuration tips, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django bugfix release: 4.2.4

  <p>The 4.2.4 bugfix release fixes three different issues. As always, updating to the latest version of Django is highly recommended.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Wagtail 5.1 gets a bit greener and leaner

  <p>Notes on the latest Wagtail release that focuses on improving performance and reducing Wagtail's carbon footprint.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python Steering Council accepts PEP 703 and plans to remove the GIL

  <p>The Python Steering Council has informally accepted PEP 703 and outlined their long-term plan to formally drop Python's Global Interpreter Lock (GIL) in a future Python version.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Announcing Python Software Foundation Fellow Members for Q1 2023!

  <p>The PSF is pleased to announce its first batch of PSF Fellows for 2023!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Learn More About our Django Services

  <p>At HackSoft, we offer expert Django software development, consultation and support, to help you build robust and scalable software.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### What's up, Python? The GIL removed, a new compiler, optparse deprecated...

  <p>A helpful overview of the many recent developments around Python.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### 3 Git Configuration Tips I Use Every Day

  <p>Even those of us who have used Git for years still have more to learn. The author shares 3 tips he learned from Adam Johnson's new book, <a href="https://cur.at/76OKjTI">Boost Your Git DX</a>.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Modern Web Testing with Playwright

  <p>A look at modern web testing options including Playwright, Cypress, and Selenium.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Taming the beast: Python Package Maintenance Made Simple

  <p>The why and how behind a new package, <a href="https://cur.at/TDeX3B0">ambient-package-update</a>, that provides a CLI command to update your favorite packages metadata and dependencies automatically.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### Django Meetup Vol. 45 / Hypercharge your Django project with django CMS

  <p>Django Meetup Cologne Vol. 45 will take place on the 15th of August, both in person and online.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Girls Abuja

  <p>An upcoming two-day Django Girls workshop, August 11-12 in Abuja, Nigeria, for any woman who wants to learn how to make websites. You don't need any prior coding knowledge.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PyBay2023 Food Truck Edition: Call for Speakers @ Sessionize.com

  <p>PyBay2023 is returning under new management and creating an outdoor Food Truck event in San Francisco on October 8th, 2023. Their CFP is open through August 31st.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### Django Trends in 2023 - Talk Python Live Stream

  <p>The live stream video from a forthcoming <a href="https://cur.at/I1aLP0K">Talk Python</a> podcast episode featuring former Django Fellow Carlton Gibson and William Vincent.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PyCon Italia 2023 Keynote: Carlton Gibson - Open Source for the long-haul 

  <p>Carlton's recent keynote address draws on lessons he's learned from over a decade working on key projects in the Django ecosystem.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### python 3.12 release highlights (beginner - advanced) anthony explains #548

  <p>A 40-minute approachable video to new changes coming in Python 3.12.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Chat #144: Boost Your Django DX - Adam Johnson (Ep105 Replay)

  <p>Adam is a prolific contributor to the Django community and the author of the book, Boost Your Django DX. We discuss his work on the Django Security Team, the Django Technical Board, multiple recent Django third-party packages, and the new book.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Real Python #165: Leveraging the Features of Your Database With Postgres and Python

  <p>Craig shares his years of PostgreSQL expertise with advice on getting more from the platform and with Django. The discussion covers rich data types for describing ranges, geospatial data, and JSON.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### zmh-program/django-turnstile

  <p>Add Cloudflare Turnstile widget to the forms of your Django project.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### AutomationPanda/awesome-web-testing-playwright

  <p>Awesome Web Testing with Playwright: The Automation Panda's Official Playwright Tutorial!</p>

  [None](None)