---
description: Python 3.12 released, 11 new PRs to Django, build a rental platform API,
  and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 200
published: 2023-10-06 10:00:00+00:00
title: '200 OK - Django Security Releases: 4.2.6, 4.1.12, and 3.2.22'
url: https://django-news.com/issues/200
---

# [200 OK - Django Security Releases: 4.2.6, 4.1.12, and 3.2.22](https://django-news.com/issues/200)

Python 3.12 released, 11 new PRs to Django, build a rental platform API, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django security releases issued: 4.2.6, 4.1.12, and 3.2.22

  <p>Posted by Natalia Bidart on October 4, 2023</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python Release Python 3.12.0

  <p>Python 3.12.0 is the newest major release of the Python programming language, and it contains many new features and optimizations.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python Insider: Python 3.11.6 is now available

  <p>Python 3.11.6 is the newest major release of the Python programming language, and it contains many new features and optimizations.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### 

  

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Python 3.12 + "AttributeError: module 'pkgutil' has no attribute 'ImpImporter'. Did you mean: 'zipimporter'?"

  <p>A tale of upgrading to Python 3.12.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### RegisterFields in Django

  <p>An explanation of a Django model field that returns an instance of a class depending on a key.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Building APIs With Django REST Framework

  <p>In this Django REST framework tutorial, you will create a rental platform API. The tutorial demonstrates how to use Python and Django REST framework in PyCharm to develop APIs.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How to store your users' API keys securely in Django

  <p>Here are 5 short steps to build an app that encrypts your users' API keys in Django, including encrypting them in the database.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### PyTexas 2024

  <p>PyTexas 2024 will be held April 19 - 21, 2024 in Austin, TX. Their CFP closes on January 14, 2024.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### “Innovate with AI: Build ChatGPT-like Apps” — Hybrid IndyPy on Oct. 9

  <p>Join Calvin Hendryx-Parker (CTO at Six Feet Up) and Brad Fruth (Director of Innovation at Beck's Hybrids) on Monday, October 9th at 7 pm ET to discuss a recent LLM/AI project that uses Django for the backend.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PyOhio 2023

  <p>PyOhio is the free annual Python community conference based in Ohio.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoSocial Raleigh/Durham Launch meetup

  <p>Are you attending DjangoCon US in a few weeks? There is a DjangoSocial event on Sunday, October 15th at 7pm.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### Django Fixtures Tutorial: How to use dumpdata and loaddata

  <p>A guide to using Django fixtures explaining how they work and how they allow the import/export of database data.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### Django Project Start & Deploy Tutorial for Beginners

  <p>A video tutorial on installing Django, creating a new virtual environment, switching to Docker, custom user model, and eventual deployment.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### A faster way to write CRUD views in Django

  <p>A 2-minute video showing how to write faster CRUD views using <code>Neapolitan</code>.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### What's New in Wagtail CMS 5.1 | Episode 4 - YouTube

  <p>Join us for the latest instalment of What’s New in Wagtail CMS with updates, demos, and insights on features and enhancements in the recently launched 5.1 re...</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### The Django Styleguide

  <p>A pragmatic approach for building Django apps of all sizes. Find it on GitHub today!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Chat #147: Django and iOS - Filip Němeček

  <p>Filip is a Django and iOS developer. We discuss his switch over to Django for backend APIs, the current status of iOS development, VR headsets, and more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Jobs

  ### PSF: Django Developer - Contract - Part Time

  <p>The Python Software Foundation is hiring for part-time Django Developer on contract basis to support in the maintenance and development of our Django applications including python.org and us.pycon.org.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### adinhodovic/wagtail-resume

  <p>A Wagtail project made to simplify creation of resumes for developers.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### julianwachholz/django-guest-user

  <p>A Django app that allows visitors to interact with your site as a guest user without requiring registration.</p>

  [None](None)