---
description: Bad XKCD map projections, PyPI token scanning, Wagtail, another case
  for function-based views, and more!
newsletter: Django News
number: 193
published: 2023-08-18 10:00:00+00:00
title: PyPI token scanning
url: https://django-news.com/issues/193
---

# [PyPI token scanning](https://django-news.com/issues/193)

Bad XKCD map projections, PyPI token scanning, Wagtail, another case for function-based views, and more!

  ----

  ## News

  ### GitHub now scans public issues for PyPI secrets

  <p>GitHub now detects and revokes exposed PyPI tokens in public repositories.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### pip-tools v7.2.0 it supports -c/--constraint option to sync extra dependencies

  <p>"Starting from pip-tools v7.2.0 it supports <code>-c/--constraint</code> option so that you can keep in sync your extra dependencies with the main dependencies while using pyproject.toml." Via Albert Tugushev.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python Docs now feature a dark theme! 

  <p>"The #Python docs now have a dark theme! 🌒 " via hugovk</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### What's New in Wagtail?

  <p>Upcoming Wagtail CMS demo in September. Explore the most recent features, enhancements and collaborations in releases 5 and 5.1 that allow you to build greener and more efficient sites for enhanced sustainability and performance.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Wagtail Deployment Survey 2023

  <p>Participate in the 2023 Wagtail Deployment Survey to inform cloud hosting preferences and improve the Wagtail deployment experience.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Sick of performance issues? Enter Scout's APM tool for Python apps. Easily pinpoint and fix slowdowns with intelligent tracing logic. Optimize performance hassle-free, delighting your users. Try us out for free!

  

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Composition over inheritance: The case for function-based views

  

  [None](None)

  ### Building a blog in Django

  <p>Simon Willison, co-creator of Django, shows us how he quickly created a blog for his Datasette Cloud website using Django with ChatGPT.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Optional depends_on with Docker Compose v2.20.2+ — Nick Janetakis

  <p>This was possible with some earlier versions of Docker Compose v2 but it was technically classified as a bug.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### The Single Folder Django Project Layout

  <p>Carlton Gibson shares his preference for Django's default project template over custom templates when initiating new projects.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### XKCD Bad Map Projection with PostGIS

  <p>The CrunchyData crew's take on Randall Munroe's XKCD "Bad Map Projection" with PostGIS. 🍿</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### Build your first website at PyCon UK 2023 in Cardiff!

  <p>DjangoGirls is running a free one-day workshop in Cardiff, where they'll be giving attendees the chance to learn about programming and to ultimately build their own website. The workshop takes place as part of day one of PyCon UK 2023, a big conference for programmers which gathers a lot of talented people from all over the world.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Design Articles

  ### CSS Selectors: A Visual Guide & Reference

  <p>Discover a visual guide to the most popular CSS selectors to enhance your web styling skills, including pseudo-classes and pseudo-elements.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Learn More About our Django Services

  <p>At HackSoft, we offer expert Django software development, consultation and support, to help you build robust and scalable software.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Chat #145: Contributing to Django - David Smith (Ep97 Replay)

  <p>David is an accountant who has contributed massively to Django in recent years, taking over django-crispy-forms, improving djangobench, and becoming a member of Django’s Triage and Review team.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### inertiajs/inertia-django

  <p>Inertia empowers you to build a modern, JavaScript-based single-page application without the tiresome complexity.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### django-parler/django-parler

  <p>Simple Django model translations without nasty hacks.</p>

  [None](None)