---
description: 19 new PRs to Django, DjangoCon US videos, IP-based blocking via middleware,
  and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 211
published: 2023-12-22 11:00:00+00:00
title: Understand Django
url: https://django-news.com/issues/211
---

# [Understand Django](https://django-news.com/issues/211)

19 new PRs to Django, DjangoCon US videos, IP-based blocking via middleware, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Python Developers Survey 2023

  <p>If you haven't already done so, we encourage you to complete the Python Developers Survey 2023 to share your thoughts.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Tailwind CSS v3.4: Dynamic viewport units, :has() support, balanced headlines, subgrid, and more

  <p>Tailwind CSS v3.4 was just released. This announcement highlights new features like dynamic viewport height units, parent-child styling with the :has() pseudo-class and * variant, text wrapping utilities, subgrid support, and extensions to existing utility scales.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django Software Foundation

  ### DSF Board monthly meeting, December 14, 2023

  <p>DSF Board monthly meeting minutes from the December 14, 2023 meeting.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Django for Beginners/APIs/Professionals - Makes a Great Gift!

  <p>Level up your Django knowledge with Django for Beginners, Django for APIs, or Django for Professionals, or gift it to a friend. Sample chapters are available to preview for free. Bundle discount available!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Show Python deprecation warnings

  <p>How to configure Python to show deprecation warnings so you can prepare your code before those deprecated features are removed in future Django releases.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django 5.0 is out!

  <p>Eric Matthes' overview of where to go to learn about the newest features in Django, how to make sense of Django’s version numbering system, how to see if your project can easily be upgraded to 5.0, and how to deploy a Django project in just three steps.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django: Sanitize incoming HTML fragments with nh3

  <p>How to use the <code>nh3</code> package to sanitize HTML fragments in Django forms and models to prevent cross-site scripting attacks, customizing the allowed tags and attributes based on what a site's rich text editor supports.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### DjangoCon US 2023 - Vue + Django: Combining Django Templates and Vue Single File Components without compromise

  <p>Learn how to inject Vue SFCs directly into Django Templates, with no need for REST APIs, such that targeted areas can be enriched with Vue while retaining the flexibility and convenience of Django Templates in the remainder.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US 2023 - Panel Discussion: Who put me in charge? Moving beyond day-to-day coding in Django

  <p>Not everyone can or wants to solely write code for the rest of their working careers, so this panel explores other ways of advancing in your career, including ways that don’t involve traditional management roles.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US 2023: Using database triggers to reliably track model history

  <p>A new way to track history in Django with database triggers.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Sick of performance issues? Enter Scout's APM tool for Python apps. Easily pinpoint and fix slowdowns with intelligent tracing logic. Optimize performance hassle-free, delighting your users. Try us out for free!

  

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Chat #153: Understand Django with Matt Layman

  <p>Matt Layman is a Senior Staff Software Engineer at Included Health and the author of a recent book, Understand Django. We discuss running a Django monolith at scale in the healthcare space, his weekly live coding series, and more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### paul_bissex/django-blocklist

  <p>A Django app that provides IP-based blocklisting via middleware. Originally developed for use on https://dpaste.com</p>

  [None](None)

  ### hbakri/django-ninja-crud

  <p>Declarative CRUD Endpoints &amp; Tests with Django Ninja.</p>

  [None](None)