---
description: DjangoCon US Keynotes, Python CVE Program, Djangonaut Space takes off,
  and more!
newsletter: Django News
number: 195
published: 2023-09-01 10:00:00+00:00
title: Python CVE Program
url: https://django-news.com/issues/195
---

# [Python CVE Program](https://django-news.com/issues/195)

DjangoCon US Keynotes, Python CVE Program, Djangonaut Space takes off, and more!

  ----

  ## News

  ### The PSF has been authorized by the CVE Program as a CVE Numbering Authority (CNA)

  <p>The Python Software Foundation is now a CVE Numbering Authority (CNA), enhancing the security response process for key Python projects, ensuring quicker CVE ID allocations, and offering consistent vulnerability disclosures led by their dedicated security team.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Djangonaut Space Interest Form

  <p>If you'd like to join or mentor the Djangonaut Space Contributor Program, here's how you can express your interest.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### Results of the 2023 Wagtail Deployment Survey

  <p>The results of the Wagtail Deployment Survey are here.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Sick of performance issues? Enter Scout's APM tool for Python apps. Easily pinpoint and fix slowdowns with intelligent tracing logic. Optimize performance hassle-free, delighting your users. Try us out for free!

  

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### How to create a Django form (using HTMX) in 90 seconds 🐎

  <p>Minimise javascript. Maximise building speed with Django and HTMX.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Klaviyo - Powering our APIs using *attr*active DTOs

  <p>Klaviyo provides marketing automation and is built with Django. This post covers creating a company-wide API with over 150 endpoints spanning 12 product areas, processing millions of requests daily.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Docker-compose autoheal: case sensitivity

  <p>A common pitfall when using Docker-compose's <code>autoheal</code> feature. Spoiler: Yaml.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### DjangoCon US Keynotes: Julia Solórzano

  <p>Learn more about DjangoCon US Keynote speaker Julia Solórzano.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### Django Dependency Management with pip-compile and pip-tools

  <p>Learn how to manage packages like a pro in Django using <code>pip-compile</code>.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### PyCon Australia 2023

  <p>PyCon Australia 2023 videos are published on YouTube!</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Using Django 4.2's StreamingHttpResponse and HTMX SSE to provide real time notifications

  <p>Django 4.2 introduces a new way of streaming http responses with an ASGI server. This video demos how to use HTMX to build a traditional web application.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Learn More About our Django Services

  <p>At HackSoft, we offer expert Django software development, consultation and support, to help you build robust and scalable software.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Episode #349 Djangonauts: Ready for Takeoff!

  <p>News and announcements from the Python community for the week of Aug 22nd, 2023</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### anze3db/django-tui

  <p>Inspect and run Django Commands in a text-based user interface (TUI)</p>

  [None](None)

  ### django-tenants/django-tenants

  <p>Django tenants using PostgreSQL Schemas</p>

  [None](None)