---
description: DjangoCon US and AU's programs, Python Web Conf 2023 Talks on YouTube,
  bulk updating multiple repos, new Python podcast, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 189
published: 2023-07-21 10:00:00+00:00
title: DjangoCon US and AU 2023 programs are up!
url: https://django-news.com/issues/189
---

# [DjangoCon US and AU 2023 programs are up!](https://django-news.com/issues/189)

DjangoCon US and AU&#x27;s programs, Python Web Conf 2023 Talks on YouTube, bulk updating multiple repos, new Python podcast, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Python Web Conf 2023 Talks + Tutorials available on YouTube

  <p>Watch 80 talks, tutorials, and socials from Python Web Conf 2023 on Six Feet Up's YouTube channel. Explore videos about Python, Django, Kubernetes, AI/ML, Big Data, CI/CD, Serverless, Security, Climate Tech, and more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PyCharm & DSF Campaign 2023

  <p>Each year, our friends at JetBrains, the creators of PyCharm, run an incredible deal. You get a 30% discounted year of PyCharm, AND the DSF gets 100% of the proceeds. Plus, get one free month of access to JetBrains Academy, which has courses like Intro to Django, SQL, Git, and more!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django Software Foundation

  ### DSF Board monthly meeting, July 14, 2023

  <p>Meeting minutes for DSF Board monthly meeting, July 14, 2023.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### Wagtail CMS: My progress in June for Google Season of Docs 2023

  <p>With the support of my mentors I achieved the first two milestones for the 2023 Wagtail Google Season of Docs project.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Learn More About our Django Services

  <p>At HackSoft, we offer expert Django software development, consultation and support, to help you build robust and scalable software.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Bulk updating multiple repos with all-repos

  <p>A walkthrough of the author's setup to maintain many GitHub repos at once.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### DjangoCon US US - Announcing the 2023 Schedule!

  <p>The DjangoCon US talk and the tutorial lineup are up. Six online tutorials on Sunday, October 8, three days of talks on October 16-18, and two days of sprints on October 19-20.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon AU 2023 - Adelaide, South Australia - August 18 2023

  <p>The DjangoCon AU 2023 program is up!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ###    DjangoCon Europe 2023: Turning test writing into a consistently brief and pleasant experience

  <p>This talk received a rare standing applause for demonstrating a tool to write automated tests, inspired by ChatGPT and other new LLMs.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon Europe 2023: The programmer's imagination

  <p>A wonderful and inspiring talk from Daniele Procida about how we (as programmers) think about imagination.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Django for Beginners/APIs/Professionals

  <p>Level up your Django knowledge with Django for Beginners, Django for APIs, or Django for Professionals, or gift it to a friend. Sample chapters are available to preview for free. Bundle discount available!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Paul Everitt - Zope, Pyramid, Plone, PyCharm, Coaching Lacrosse

  <p>Python People is a new weekly podcast hosted by Bria Okken. This episode features Paul Everitt from JetBrains and PyCharm who is a long-time friend of the Python and Django community.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Chat #143: Django Deployments - Eric Matthes (Ep108 Replay)

  <p>Eric is the author of the new django-simple-deploy package which provides Django deployment in three steps. We discuss the deployment learning cliff, the ideal hosting platform, and maintaining his bestselling book Python Crash Course.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### MahmoudNasser01/django_simple_notification

  <p>A simple Django REST application notification system.</p>

  [None](None)