---
description: Denormalization with JSON Fields, a chat about the future of Django,
  the N+1 problem reconsidered, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 173
published: 2023-03-31 10:00:00+00:00
title: Django Behind The Scenes
url: https://django-news.com/issues/173
---

# [Django Behind The Scenes](https://django-news.com/issues/173)

Denormalization with JSON Fields, a chat about the future of Django, the N+1 problem reconsidered, and more.

  ----

  ## Django Software Foundation

  ### DSF Board monthly meeting, March 9, 2023

  <p>The DSF Board meets monthly and posts its minutes publicly. Worth a quick look to see what's going on in the Django world.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Looking for a fun new project? Try Wagtail CMS

  <p>See why Django developers think Wagtail is a “joy to extend.” Trusted by Google, NASA, and many, many others.
The #1 Django-powered CMS. Give it a go.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Django: Avoid database queries in template context processors

  <p>Advanced tips on using template context processors from Adam Johnson.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Denormalization with JSON Fields for a Performance Boost

  <p>A well-written article on normalization/denormalization with a powerful tip on using JSON Fields to help improve performance.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Ban 1+N in Django

  <p>An opinionated take on solving a perennial issue in Django and ORM's in general: the N+1 problem.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Sync or Async? Unpacking the Mysteries of Django Signals

  <p>Signals allow developers to trigger certain actions when specific events occur, such as when a model is saved or deleted. However, there is often confusion about whether Django signals are asynchronous or not. This article explores the question and discusses the tradeoffs associated with using Django signals.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### A Chat about the Future of Django

  <p>Carlton Gibson, who just retired as a Django Fellow(!), gives some thoughts on a recent podcast chat with DSF President Chaim Kirby and Will Vincent about the future of Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### FreeCodeCamp: Django Project – Code a CRM App Tutorial

  <p>The app will use MySQL for the database you'll be able to register, log in, log out, add records, view records, update records, and delete records.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Django for Beginners/APIs/Professionals

  <p>Level up your Django knowledge with Django for Beginners, Django for APIs, or Django for Professionals, or gift it to a friend. Sample chapters are available to preview for free. Bundle discount available!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Chat #136: How Django Really Works with Chaim Kirby

  <p>Chaim is the current President of the Django Software Foundation. We discuss what's new in Django, Carlton's pending departure as a Fellow, and how things really work behind-the-scenes.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### Chris-May/django_playwright_pytest_example

  <p>Example project to show how to set up Pytest, Playwright, and Django</p>

  [None](None)

  ### adamchainz/unittest-parametrize

  <p>Parametrize tests within unittest TestCases.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### cfpb/consumerfinance.gov

  <p>Django project protecting American consumers.</p>

  [None](None)