---
description: 'A new djangoproject.com website feedback, Python 3.12 and 3.13 are taking
  shape, new PEPs, and what''s new in Django? '
newsletter: Django News
number: 182
published: 2023-06-02 10:00:00+00:00
title: djangoproject.com website redesign!
url: https://django-news.com/issues/182
---

# [djangoproject.com website redesign!](https://django-news.com/issues/182)

A new djangoproject.com website feedback, Python 3.12 and 3.13 are taking shape, new PEPs, and what&#x27;s new in Django? 

  ----

  ## News

  ### Help us make the djangoproject.com website better

  <p>The <a href="https://cur.at/o67bZMG">20tab</a> agency is currently engaged in a pro-bono redesign of the djangoproject.com website. Please fill out this short survey to help.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Thinking about running for the Python Software Foundation Board of Directors? Let’s talk!

  <p>This year’s Board Election Nomination period is open. Current board members want to share what being on the board is like and are making themselves available to answer all your questions about responsibilities, activities, and time commitments via online chat.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Enforcement of 2FA for upload.pypi.org began June 1st, 2023

  <p>PyPI now requires all uploads from accounts with 2FA enabled to use an API token or Trusted Publisher configuration.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PEP 594 has been implementated: Python 3.13 removes 20 stdlib modules

  <p>Python 3.13 removes 20 stdlib modules and Python 3.12 removed 5 stdlib modules. Check out this forum post to see what modules were removed.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PEP 658 is now live on PyPI - Packaging

  <p>Wheels uploaded to PyPI will have their METADATA files served along side them on files.pythonhosted.org , and the appropriate information served in the Simple API to determine if the file as available.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Ready to get your Django project to the next level?

  <p>At HackSoft, we offer expert Django software development, consultancy and support, to help you build robust and scalable software.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### PyGrunn 2023: testing files like a pro (“faker-file”)

  <p>Maybe you have heard of the <code>faker</code> library, but have you heard of <code>faker-file</code> which helps generate and template text, csv, png, pdf, eml, and other valid file types.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### You Can Ignore This Post

  <p>Michael Kennedy, host of the Talk Python podcast, highlighting GitHub's helpful repo of default <code>.gitignore</code> files.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Help test Python 3.12 beta!

  <p>The Python 3.12 release manager is encouraging maintainers of third-party Python projects to test with 3.12 during the beta phase and report issues found to the Python bug tracker as soon as possible.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### DjangoCon US virtual co-writing 

  <p>Do you want to write more? Do you want an introduction to other Djangonauts? Then perhaps you should attend the virtual co-writing sessions at DjangoCon US this year!</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon Europe 2024 announced!

  <p>In Vigo, Spain. More information to come soon. If you’d like to help the organizers in any way, please use 2024@djangocon.eu.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### Django RSS Feed Tutorial

  <p>How to add an RSS or Atom syndication feed to a Django project.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Django for Beginners/APIs/Professionals

  <p>Level up your Django knowledge with Django for Beginners, Django for APIs, or Django for Professionals, or gift it to a friend. Sample chapters are available to preview for free. Bundle discount available!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Jobs

  ### Community Events Coordinator - Python Software Foundation

  <p>The Python Software Foundation is looking for a remote, US-based, Community Events Coordinator.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### file-validator/file-validator

  <p>A Python validation library to validate files using type, mime, extension, magic numbers and size.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### pysnippet/django-forbid

  <p>Secure your Django app by controlling the access - grant or deny user access based on device and location, including VPN detection.</p>

  [None](None)