---
description: A chat app using StreamingHttpResponse, tips on pytest fixtures, reusable
  inline named partials for the DTL, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 184
published: 2023-06-16 10:00:00+00:00
title: Python 3.7 to 3.12 updates
url: https://django-news.com/issues/184
---

# [Python 3.7 to 3.12 updates](https://django-news.com/issues/184)

A chat app using StreamingHttpResponse, tips on pytest fixtures, reusable inline named partials for the DTL, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### New Python 3.7 to 3.11 releases and 3.12.0 beta 2 are now available

  <p>Another combined release of six separate versions of Python including 3.12.0 beta 2!</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PEP 703: Making the Global Interpreter Lock Optional (3.12 updates)

  <p>A very informed discussion on PEP 703 to make the Python GIL optional.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Migrate your project to .readthedocs.yaml configuration file v2

  <p>An important deprecation announcement from ReadTheDocs: a <code>.readthedocs.yml</code> file will soon be required configuration on all projects.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django Software Foundation

  ### Django Software Foundation June meeting minutes

  <p>Meeting minutes for DSF Board monthly meeting, June 8, 2023.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Updates to Django

  ### Updates to Django

  <p>Courtesy of Django Review and Triage Team Member <a href="https://cur.at/dphrQLD">Sarah Boyce</a>...</p>

<p>Last week we had <a href="https://cur.at/lbDcOql">16 pull requests</a> merged into Django by 11 different contributors - including 3 first time contributors!
Congratulations to <a href="https://cur.at/Wl4CVcH">XDEv11</a>, <a href="https://cur.at/ewAlImd">EBIBO</a>, and <a href="https://cur.at/ZNo5HWU">Howard Cox</a> for having their first commits merged into Django - welcome on board!</p>

<p>This time there were even more accessibility improvements to the Django admin! For example, active row highlighting was added when in <a href="https://cur.at/3sj6409">forced color mode</a>.
Did you know about forced color mode? I didn't! Love learning about how to make the web more accessible.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Ready to get your Django project to the next level?

  <p>At HackSoft, we offer expert Django software development, consultancy and support, to help you build robust and scalable software.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Writing a chat application in Django 4.2 using async StreamingHttpResponse, Server-Sent Events and PostgreSQL LISTEN/NOTIFY

  <p>A very, very interesting example of writing a chat application with new Django features. We highly recommend you check this one out!</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Pro-Tip – pytest fixtures are magic!

  <p>Pro tips from RevSys CEO Frank Wiles on using <code>pytest</code> fixtures to speed up your Django tests.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django: A security improvement coming to format_html() 

  <p>Adam Johnson walks us through how to use <code>format_html</code> and avoid a common XSS (cross-site-scripting) vulnerability.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python Software Foundation: Working Groups

  <p>Dawn Wages explains how the PSF relies heavily on Working Groups, something the Django Software Foundation is starting to do more with, too.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Forum

  ### Adding template fragments or partials for the DTL - Django Internals

  <p>A lengthy Django forum discussion on possibly adding inline partials or template fragment features to the Django Templating Language</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Rejuvenating vs deprecating Form.Media - Django Internals

  <p>Another good and deep discussion about <code>Form.Media</code> in Django and the larger question of managing assets in Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### Django ORM and QuerySets Tutorial

  <p>Build a <code>recipes</code> app while learning how the Django ORM and QuerySets work. This is a hands-on tutorial that introduces concepts such as chaining, filters, model managers, the Python shell, and more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### DjangoCon Europe 2023: Yak-shaving to Where the Puck is Going to Be

  <p>Recently retired Django Fellow Carlton Gibson shares his thoughts on the future of Django and the concept of "locality of behavior." He starts by discussing Class-Based Views and introduces a new project, <a href="https://cur.at/B8OS9Xy">Neapolitan</a>, an opinionated take on quick CRUD views.</p>

<p>Then he turns to HTMX and another new projects, <a href="https://cur.at/CRDnUH0">django-template-partials</a>, which are reusable named inline partials for the Django Template Language.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon Europe 2023: Good form: How Django’s form rendering improved during the 4.x series

  <p>Under the hood, Django has made several major changes to forms in the 4.x series, including a new default style to replace <code>as_table</code> in Django 5.0. David Smith walks us through how forms work, why the changes were made, and what to expect in 5.0+.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Blaze.horse — Django Starter Kit

  <p>Big tech thinks everyone needs to build aircraft carriers, but all you need is a horse. We’ve distilled what we’ve learned, making all the little picky decisions so you don’t have to: just get to work on your project!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### carltongibson/django-template-partials

  <p>Reusable named inline partials for the Django Template Language.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### mkalioby/django-passkeys

  <p>Django Authentication Backend Using Passkeys</p>

  [None](None)