---
description: Django 4.2.8 bugfix, what's new in Django 5.0, web components, and more!
newsletter: Django News
number: 209
published: 2023-12-08 11:00:00+00:00
title: Django 5.0 Released!
url: https://django-news.com/issues/209
---

# [Django 5.0 Released!](https://django-news.com/issues/209)

Django 4.2.8 bugfix, what&#x27;s new in Django 5.0, web components, and more!

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django 5.0 released

  <p>The Django team is happy to announce the release of Django 5.0. The <a href="https://cur.at/a45VRk1">release notes</a> cover a deluge of exciting new features in detail.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django bugfix release: 4.2.8

  <p>Django 4.2.8 fixes several bugs in 4.2.7 and adds compatibility with Python 3.12.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### Wagtail 5.2.2 release notes

  <p>Wagtail 5.2.2 adds support for Django 5.0 and includes a half dozen bug fixes.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Django for Beginners/APIs/Professionals

  <p>Level up your Django knowledge with Django for Beginners, Django for APIs, or Django for Professionals, or gift it to a friend. Sample chapters are available to preview for free. Bundle discount available!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### A Python/Django Advent calendar

  <p>An introduction to Python's enum types for modeling sets of named constant values, with tips on usage and avoiding common pitfalls.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### The Fanout Pattern Explained

  <p>A brief overview of the fanout pattern that's commonly used in Celery, which replaces a task with a group of other tasks, useful for dynamically generating workflows based on external data.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Safer, Not Later

  <p>From the founder of the Twisted project, some wise thoughts on the pros and cons of Facebook's famous motto, "Move Fast and Break Things."</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Design Articles

  ### Day 1: How to Draw Basic Shapes with SVG

  <p>Learn how to draw basic shapes with SVG with a holiday theme.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### What's new in Django 5.0!

  <p>From Sarah Boyce, an unwrapping of favorite new features in the Django 5.0 release.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Seeing yourself in the Room - Felipe de Morais at DjangoConUS 2023

  <p>Jay Miller sat down with AfroPython cofounder Felipe De Morais to chat about his experience in Durham at DjangoConUS 2023.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Sick of performance issues? Enter Scout's APM tool for Python apps. Easily pinpoint and fix slowdowns with intelligent tracing logic. Optimize performance hassle-free, delighting your users. Try us out for free!

  

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Chat #152: Kolo for Django with Lily Foote

  <p>Lily is a developer at Klopp Industries where she’s working on Kolo, a dynamic code analysis tool for Django. We discuss her recent PRs on the Django ORM, serialization, type hints, and being a navigator on the inaugural Djangonaut program.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Talk Python to Me #441: Python = Syntactic Sugar? with Brett Cannon

  <p>Not strictly on Django, but more on Brett Cannon's last 2 years diving into and writing about Python's sweet language features and how they really work down inside CPython.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### Xzya/django-web-components

  <p>A simple way to create reusable template components in Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### anze3db/django-tui

  <p>Inspect and run Django Commands in a text-based user interface (TUI).</p>

  [None](None)