---
description: WSGI and ASGI Fine Tuning, File Upload tips, GPC, branch tips, new DjangoCon
  US videos, and much more!
newsletter: Django News
number: 212
published: 2023-12-29 11:00:00+00:00
title: 'No news means more articles! '
url: https://django-news.com/issues/212
---

# [No news means more articles! ](https://django-news.com/issues/212)

WSGI and ASGI Fine Tuning, File Upload tips, GPC, branch tips, new DjangoCon US videos, and much more!

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Fine Tuning Python WSGI and ASGI applications for Flask, Django, and FastAPI

  <p>Exploring strategies for optimal Gunicorn, Uvicorn and Hypercorn configurations for Flask, Django, and FastAPI.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### django-json-schema-editor

  <p>Author's description of <code>django-json-schema-editor</code>, an open source JSON editing component for Django that uses JSON schema for validation and supports editing arrays of objects in a tabular format.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django: Detect the global privacy control signal

  <p>Discover how to implement Global Privacy Control (GPC) in Django projects, a web browser specification designed to signal the non-sharing of user data.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How to upload images easily with Django (and save the links to your database) 🌤️

  <p>A step-by-step guide to building a Django application that allows users to easily upload images to Cloudinary cloud storage, save the image links in a database, and display the uploaded images.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How to Increase File Upload Size in Django Backend

  <p>Learn how to increase the maximum file upload size in Django by tweaking <code>DATA_UPLOAD_MAX_MEMORY_SIZE</code> and <code>FILE_UPLOAD_MAX_MEMORY_SIZE</code> settings for efficient and error-free file handling in Django backends.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Don't use Python's property

  <p>Explore why Python's property should generally be avoided.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Don’t Start Pull Requests from Your Main Branch

  <p>When contributing to other users’ repositories, always start a new branch in your fork.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### GitHub Actions Feels Bad

  <p>Enjoy!</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US 2023 - Navigating Django's Future: Djangonaut Space

  <p>Embark on a voyage through Djangonaut Space, a one-of-a-kind mentorship initiative within the Django community.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US 2023: Mixing reliability with Celery for delicious async tasks

  <p>Celery is the most popular and mature solution for asynchronous task queues in Python’s ecosystem, but running Celery tasks with high reliability is a challenge. The settings are tricky, tasks can be lost in multiple ways, task code has opaque limitations, proper monitoring isn’t trivial, and more. In this talk, we’ll share what we learned to be necessary for running Celery reliably after years of running it in production.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US 2023: Managing Content with Django

  <p>Explore options for building Django-based content-managed websites that editors will love. Learn about the features and patterns necessary for content editing and how they are supported in Django-land.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Sick of performance issues? Enter Scout's APM tool for Python apps. Easily pinpoint and fix slowdowns with intelligent tracing logic. Optimize performance hassle-free, delighting your users. Try us out for free!

  

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### adamghill/django-unicorn - Release 0.58.0

  <p>If you haven't checked out django-unicorn in a while, this is an excellent excuse to check out version 0.58.0 and see what's changed over the last year.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### raagin/django-streamfield

  <p>Re-post: This is a simple realization of StreamField's idea from Wagtail CMS for plain Django admin or with Grappelli skin.</p>

  [None](None)