---
description: DSF Board Nominations/Working Groups, Djangonaut applications open, Django
  + HTMX, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 202
published: 2023-10-20 10:00:00+00:00
title: 202 Accepted - Django, Django, Django
url: https://django-news.com/issues/202
---

# [202 Accepted - Django, Django, Django](https://django-news.com/issues/202)

DSF Board Nominations/Working Groups, Djangonaut applications open, Django + HTMX, and more.

  ----

  ## Django Software Foundation

  ### Announcing DSF Working Groups

  <p>Previously, you more or less needed to be a board member to help; now, anyone can join — or form — a working group to further the DSF’s mission.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### 2024 DSF Board Nominations

  <p>Nominations are open for the 2024 Django Software Foundation Board of Directors. Anyone can apply.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Djangonaut Space now accepting applications for our next contributor mentorship cohort

  <p>Apply for an 8-week group mentoring program where individuals will work self-paced in a semi-structured learning environment to contribute to Django. The deadline to apply is November 15th, 2023.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Nominations for 2023 Malcolm Tredinnick Memorial Prize

  <p>An annual monetary prize awarded to the person who best exemplifies the spirit of Malcolm’s work in the Django community.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Django things you want with HTMX

  <p>Additional uses of HTMX with many Django web apps.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Forum

  ### Best practices for dealing with slow performance

  <p>A deep discussion of various performance issues in Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### ElasticSearch Quality Inside PostgreSQL? ParadeDB Introduces pg_bm25

  <p>A fascinating new development around search...</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### Announcing DjangoCon Europe 2024 in Vigo, Spain!

  <p>Save the Dates. DjangoCon Europe 2024 will be held from June 5th to 9th. The conference will host a balanced mix of insightful talks, hands-on workshops, and ample opportunities for networking and socializing with fellow Django enthusiasts.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### Daan Vielen: The journey of a Django app: from startup, to scale up, to enterprise - Django Day 2023

  <p>A talk on the journey of scaling a Django application from startup to millions of users and an eventual acquisition by Box.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Privilege-separated installation of many Django applications on the same host - Django Day CPH 2023

  <p>How to safely run many different weakly trusted Django applications on the same host.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### The Django Experts You Can Count On

  <p>Unlock the full power of Django with our team of experts. We offer custom solutions, support, and strategic guidance. Elevate your Django projects with HackSoft! Learn more about our services.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### PyHAT-stack/web-async-patterns

  <p>This repo shows patterns you can use to elevate Python web apps via streaming HTML and htmx</p>

  [None](None)

  ### dougharris/unified_docs_switcher

  <p>Browser extension to switch to the preferred version of the documentation.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### pauloxnet/uDjango

  <p>A single file Django micro project created for demonstration purposes to be used in the same way as other Python frameworks.</p>

  [None](None)