---
description: Django 5.x Steering Council Results, Form Validation Guide, Dockerized
  Django template, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 180
published: 2023-05-19 10:00:00+00:00
title: Real-time chat application in Django 4.2 with Server-Sent Events
url: https://django-news.com/issues/180
---

# [Real-time chat application in Django 4.2 with Server-Sent Events](https://django-news.com/issues/180)

Django 5.x Steering Council Results, Form Validation Guide, Dockerized Django template, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django database defaults coming to 5.0

  <p>Lily Foote just added support for database defaults on fields. Coming to Django 5.0 in December. This is a massive effort--18 years after the ticket was created.</p>

<p>Thanks also to Simon Charette, Adam Johnson, and Mariusz Felisiak for reviews.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django Software Foundation

  ### Django 5.x Steering Council Election Results

  <p>The Steering Council for the Django 5.x release cycle with 74 votes received out of 268 eligible voters:</p>

<ul>
<li>Simon Charette</li>
<li>Andrew Godwin</li>
<li>Adam Johnson</li>
<li>James Bennett</li>
</ul>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Software Foundation May 2023 Grants

  <p>A list of grants made by the DSF in support of the community for May 2023.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Software Foundation monthly meeting, May 13, 2023

  <p>Meeting minutes for DSF Board monthly meeting, May 13, 2023.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Django for Beginners/APIs/Professionals

  <p>Level up your Django knowledge with Django for Beginners, Django for APIs, or Django for Professionals, or gift it to a friend. Sample chapters are available to preview for free. Bundle discount available!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Writing a chat application in Django 4.2 using async StreamingHttpResponse, Server-Sent Events and PostgreSQL LISTEN/NOTIFY

  <p>A very, very cool example of using "old" tech to solve new problems, aka using server-sent events, Psycopg3, and Django 4.2 to write a "real-time" chat application without using websockets.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### AstroVenture and University of Mars

  <p>More notes on moving from PHP over to Django for an immersive video game that can be used to learn astronomy at the introductory college level.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### pytz: The Fastest Footgun in the West

  <p>An explanation of the differences between dateutil and pytz's time zone models and why people tend to misuse pytz and introduce bugs into their datetime code.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### Django Day Copenhagen 2023

  <p>The fourth edition Django Day Copenhagen is happening October 6th. It will be a full day of talks--either in-person or online.</p>

<p>The <a href="https://cur.at/X1TofT8">Call for Proposals</a> is now open as well.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### Django Form Validation Guide

  <p>An overview of several ways to perform form validation in Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### DjangoX - A Free Django Starter Project with Batteries

  <p>Short screencast demoing the features included in the free <a href="https://cur.at/x1SzR0J">DjangoX starter project</a>.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Sponsor Django News

  

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### amerkurev/django-docker-template

  <p>Dockerized Django with Postgres, Gunicorn, and Traefik (with auto renew Let's Encrypt).</p>

  [None](None)

  ### WeblateOrg/weblate

  <p>Web based localization tool with tight version control integration.</p>

  [None](None)