---
description: ' Django + GPT, Running tasks concurrently with async views, DRF basics,
  Psycopg3 Binary install gotchas, and more.'
newsletter: Django News
number: 176
published: 2023-04-21 10:00:00+00:00
title: Django 5.x Technical Board Election Registration
url: https://django-news.com/issues/176
---

# [Django 5.x Technical Board Election Registration](https://django-news.com/issues/176)

 Django + GPT, Running tasks concurrently with async views, DRF basics, Psycopg3 Binary install gotchas, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Announcement of 5.x Technical Board Election Registration

  <p>A new Technical Board election is coming up. All individual DSF members can vote or you can register to vote, too.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Google Season of Docs: Creating Wagtail Developer Onboarding Tutorials

  <p>After a positive experience with Outreachy, the Wagtail core team participates in Google Season of Docs to enhance onboarding tutorials for developers and improve engagement with technical writers in their community. Google Season of Docs is an annual program that supports open-source documentation and provides technical writers with valuable experience.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django Software Foundation

  ### DSF Board monthly meeting, April 13, 2023

  

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Sponsor Django News

  

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Chatting with Django’s documentation using langchain, Chroma & OpenAI APIs

  <p>Explore new AI tools for software development by building a Python CLI application that indexes Django's documentation and answers questions within that context using OpenAI's Embeddings &amp; GPT APIs, Chroma, and langchain.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Running Tasks Concurrently in Django Asynchronous Views

  <p>From Django Fellow Mariusz Felisiak, an overview of async in Python and Django, and how to write async views today.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How to add Typescript to the Django Project

  <p>An overview of Typescript and examples of how to add to existing Django projects.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django REST Framework Basics

  <p>An introduction to core DRF concepts: serializers, views and viewsets, routers, authentication and authorization.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Build To Last

  <p>Extended thoughts on async code and deployment for Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### DjangoCon AU Call For Proposals

  <p>After a short break, the ninth DjangoCon AU is running in 2023! The CFP is open until end of day May 14th.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon Europe Schedule is Live

  <p>The full schedule is now available for all talks and workshops.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Need Suggestions for a DjangoCon US 2023 Topic?

  <p>The DjangoCon US team would like to present some suggestions for topics for DCUS 2023.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### Psycopg3 Binary and Django 4.2 Installation Quick Tip

  <p>How to avoid an installation mistake when updating to Psycopg 3 Binary, which now has full support in Django 4.2.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### HTMX 1.9 - hx-on Attribute for Responding to Events

  <p>A look at the new HTMX 1.9 hx-on attribute that allows inline handling of events that occur on the page.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### ahmedaljawahiry/django-admin-site-search

  <p>A search (cmd+k) modal, for the Django admin UI, that searches your entire site.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### carltongibson/neapolitan

  <p>Quick CRUD views for Django. Still in the alpha stage of development but very cool and worth a look.</p>

  [None](None)