---
description: Show warnings in Django, auto-configure Tailwind, DjangoCon Europe things
  to do, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 177
published: 2023-04-28 10:00:00+00:00
title: Django 5.x Technical Board Candidate Registration
url: https://django-news.com/issues/177
---

# [Django 5.x Technical Board Candidate Registration](https://django-news.com/issues/177)

Show warnings in Django, auto-configure Tailwind, DjangoCon Europe things to do, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django 5.x Technical Board Candidate Registration - Update

  <p>An update on candidates for the Django Technical Board.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Introducing Python Package Index Organizations

  <p>The Python Package Index (PyPI) adds Organizations.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### urllib3 v2.0.0 is now generally available

  <p>urllib3 is the most installed Python package of all time and, after 12 years, has finally moved from v1.0 to v2.0.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### How to have Python show warnings when running Django

  <p>Two ways to see deprecation warnings when running your Django project.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Using Django’s template loaders to configure Tailwind

  <p>An elegant way to tell Tailwind where your Django templates are located.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### authentik on Django: 500% slower to run but 200% faster to build

  <p>Debating the pros/cons of Django for building a startup.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### sqlite-history: tracking changes to SQLite tables using triggers (also weeknotes)

  <p>On the beginnings of a new project, <a href="https://cur.at/wEJnMXz">sqlite-history</a>, from Simon Willison.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Forum

  ### How many people actually use Argon2?

  <p>The official docs have <a href="https://cur.at/zrR2gvs">recommended its usage</a> since Django 1.10, yet it's unclear how widely used it is in the real world.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### DjangoCon Europe - Things to Do

  <p>A helpful list of the many things to do nearby if you have some free time around the conference.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### REVSYS

  <p>We can help you with your project as experienced Django developers and consultants. Follow our open-source projects on GitHub at <a href="https://cur.at/XdrrpDk">https://github.com/revsys</a> to see what we're working on and how we can support you.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Chat #138: 20 Years of Python with Brett Cannon

  <p>Brett is a Python Core Contributor and leads the Python/VS Code team at Microsoft. We discuss his twenty years of open-source Python work, how to get involved today, the future of packaging, virtual environments, the standard library, VSCode, and more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Jobs

  ### PyPI Safety & Security Engineer, Python Software Foundation

  <p>The PSF is hiring for an engineering role that will focus on improving the safety and security of the Python Package index. This role will have shared ownership of key security &amp; safety features with senior maintainers.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### goauthentik/authentik

  <p>The authentication glue you need, built with Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### django-crispy-forms/crispy-tailwind

  <p>A Tailwind template pack for <code>django-crispy-forms</code>.</p>

  [None](None)