---
description: 22 new PRs to Django, database generated columns, examples of great URL
  design, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 208
published: 2023-12-01 11:00:00+00:00
title: 2024 DSF Board Election Results
url: https://django-news.com/issues/208
---

# [2024 DSF Board Election Results](https://django-news.com/issues/208)

22 new PRs to Django, database generated columns, examples of great URL design, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### 2024 DSF Board Election Results

  <p>The 2024 Django Software Foundation (DSF) Board Election has concluded, electing Jacob Kaplan-Moss, Sarah Abderemane, and Thibaud Colas to two-year terms. Congratulations to the new members and a heartfelt thank you both to departing board members and all nominees.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### StreamField Quick Demo

  <p>Not sure what StreamField is and why it's amazing? We have a demo for that now.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Two Outreachy Interns Join to Help Make the Wagtail Project More Accessible

  <p>We're welcoming two Outreachy interns to the Wagtail project this year who will help strengthen our accessibility efforts and make our project more welcoming to people with accessibility needs.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Django for Beginners/APIs/Professionals

  <p>Level up your Django knowledge with Django for Beginners, Django for APIs, or Django for Professionals, or gift it to a friend. Sample chapters are available to preview for free. Bundle discount available!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Donating to the Django Software Foundation

  <p>Foxley Talent reaffirms its commitment to the Django community by renewing its Corporate Membership with the Django Software Foundation (DSF) and donating 5% of its profits. This blog post highlights the importance of supporting DSF and emphasizes the unseen contributions to the Django ecosystem and community. We'd love to see more companies talking about this.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### What is the Django Web Framework?

  <p>This comprehensive blog post by Mukul Mantosh highlights Django's core principles like rapid development, DRY (Don't Repeat Yourself), and its emphasis on clean, maintainable code. The post delves into the various components of web frameworks in general and Django's specific benefits and features, illustrating its versatility, security, scalability, and maintainability.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Beginners should use Django, not Flask

  <p>This article strongly advocates for beginners in web development to start with Django instead of Flask. The author argues that while Flask's simplicity can be attractive, it often misleads novices about the complexities of web development. With its structured approach and sensible defaults, Django provides a solid foundation for beginners, helping them avoid common pitfalls and grow in their development skills.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Examples of Great URL Design

  <p>This article explores the importance of well-crafted URL design, highlighting examples from various online platforms and services. It delves into how these platforms use URL structures effectively for better user experience and functionality.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Database generated columns⁽²⁾: Django & PostgreSQL

  <p>Part two of Paolo Melchiorre's series of Django 5.0's new <code>GeneratedField</code> feature.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### Sponsoring and being involved in the Django Community - Peter Baumgartner - Live at DjangoConUS 2023 - YouTube

  <p>An interview with Peter Baumgartner, founder of Lincoln Loop and Treasurer of the Django Software Foundation.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Sick of performance issues? Enter Scout's APM tool for Python apps. Easily pinpoint and fix slowdowns with intelligent tracing logic. Optimize performance hassle-free, delighting your users. Try us out for free!

  

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### st3v3nmw/awesome-django-performance

  <p>A curated list of libraries, tools, blog articles, and books to help profile and optimize your Django project.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Phosphor Icons

  <p>A flexible icon family for interfaces, diagrams, presentations — whatever, really.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### yaakovLowenstein/hx-requests

  <p>A package to facilitate the use of HTMX with Django.</p>

  [None](None)