---
description: Micro Django, Django News Jobs, why is the Django admin "ugly," DjangoCon
  US recaps, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 203
published: 2023-10-27 10:00:00+00:00
title: Django 5.0 beta 1 released and Django News Jobs
url: https://django-news.com/issues/203
---

# [Django 5.0 beta 1 released and Django News Jobs](https://django-news.com/issues/203)

Micro Django, Django News Jobs, why is the Django admin &quot;ugly,&quot; DjangoCon US recaps, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django 5.0 beta 1 released

  <p>Django 5.0 beta 1 is now available. It represents the second stage in the 5.0 release cycle and is an opportunity for you to try out the changes coming in Django 5.0.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### The Ruff Formatter: An extremely fast, Black-compatible Python formatter

  <p>Ruff added a Black linter/formatter that is over 30x faster than existing tools while maintaining >99.9% compatibility with Black. If you haven't used Ruff before and are tired of waiting on your linting/formatting tools to run, now is a good time.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### Wagtailers flew together at DjangoCon US 2023

  <p>A recap of all the great things Wagtailers did together at DjangoCon US in 2023.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Sick of performance issues? Enter Scout's APM tool for Python apps. Easily pinpoint and fix slowdowns with intelligent tracing logic. Optimize performance hassle-free, delighting your users. Try us out for free!

  

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### TIL: Django constraints

  <p>Some notes on using Django constraints--CheckConstraint and UniqueConstraint-- to make sure each row is valid before to save it.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### μDjango (micro Django) 🧬

  <p>A single file Django micro project created for demonstration purposes to be used in the same way as other Python frameworks.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Options for passwordless authentication in Django apps

  <p>A look at three passwordless authentication methods for Django: email-based authentication, authentication with OAuth, and authentication with magic links.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Why is the Django Admin “Ugly”?

  <p>While talking with people at Djangocon US, one question kept coming up: “why is the Django admin so ‘ugly’?”. This article uncovers its minimally-designed background.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Upgrading PostgreSQL From v11 to v15 in Your Django Application

  <p>How to Upgrade PostgreSQL Client from 11 to 15 in Your Django Project.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How to add Google sheets as your Django database in 4 minutes 📊

  <p>A clever way to have Google sheets act as your Django database.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### PyCon US 2024 Launches!

  <p>PyCon US 2024 will be held at the David L. Lawrence Convention Center in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania from May 15th to 23rd.</p>

<p>The PyCon US Call for Proposals is now open and is open until December 18, 2023 AoE.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Black Python Devs on DjangoCon US 2023

  <p>An update on DjangoCon US from Black Python Devs, an online-first community for Python developers of all skill levels who identify as black.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### Django Software Foundation Membership Model, Working Groups and more - Live at DjangoCon US 2023 

  <p>Jay went onsite to Durham, NC, and spoke with Django Software Foundation President Chaim Kirby about DjangoCon, New Membership Guidelines, and a Surprise announcement!</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Day CPH 2023: Ronny Vedrilla on Tying up a loose end - How class-based emails will save your day

  <p>Improve your codebase and developer experience by using the novel class-based emails from “django-pony-express” – shipped with a test-suite – to finally have a DRY email setup and save the day!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Get Expert Developer Support from the creators of Wagtail CMS

  <p>Get support for your developers from our team of Wagtail experts: from reviewing your Wagtail set-up and planning complex features, to code reviews, pair programming and more. We offer a range of plans, special pricing for charities and universities, and profits are invested in Wagtail product development.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Chat #149:  Becoming a Django Fellow with Natalia Bidart

  <p>Natalia Bidart is a developer from Argentina who is the newest Django Fellow. We discuss her background in computing, her career at Canonical, consulting, and getting up to speed on the Django Fellow role.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python People with Carlton Gibson - Django, Spain, Parenting, and Open Source

  <p>The Python community is awesome because of the people. Python People is a weekly podcast about getting to know the people who help make the Python community great. This week retired Django Fellow, Carlton Gibson joins Brian.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### tinche/uapi

  <p>An elegant, high-level, extremely fast Python microframework for writing HTTP APIs, either synchronously or asynchronously. Currently supported frameworks are aiohttp, Django, Flask, Quart, and Starlette.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### wagtail/queryish

  <p>A library for constructing queries on arbitrary data sources following Django's QuerySet API.</p>

  [None](None)