---
description: 'New Django and Python versions, DjangoCon US hotels are going quickly,
  Wagtail CMS updates, and more! '
newsletter: Django News
number: 196
published: 2023-09-08 10:00:00+00:00
title: 2023 Django Developers Survey
url: https://django-news.com/issues/196
---

# [2023 Django Developers Survey](https://django-news.com/issues/196)

New Django and Python versions, DjangoCon US hotels are going quickly, Wagtail CMS updates, and more! 

  ----

  ## News

  ### 2023 Django Developers Survey

  <p>The DSF is partnering with JetBrains to run the 2023 Django Developers Survey. The survey is an essential metric of Django usage and helps guide future technical and community decisions and is open until October 1st, 2023, Anywhere on Earth (AoE).</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django security releases issued: 4.2.5, 4.1.11, and 3.2.21

  <p>These security releases address a potential denial of service vulnerability. We encourage all users of Django to upgrade as soon as possible.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python Release Python 3.12.0rc2

  <p>Python 3.12.0rc2 is the <em>last</em> release preview for Python 3.12, scheduled for Monday, October 2nd, 2023.</p>

<p>Now is an excellent time to start testing your applications and third-party libraries on Python 3.12 to ensure you are ready for the official release.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Last call for DjangoCon US Hotel Reservations

  <p>DjangoCon US's discounted hotel rooms close on September 15th or as soon as they are gone. Please book today if you plan on attending in person this year.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### Results of the 2023 Wagtail Deployment Survey

  <p>Some expected results as well as a few surprises in this annual survey.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### September What's New in Wagtail- Registration Open!

  <p>There will be talks and demos on: Custom validation for StreamField, Search improvements, Performance improvements and benchmarking, Dark mode, and more!</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Permissions and performance improvements in Wagtail 5.1

  <p>Exploring the recent (re)work of the permissions system in Wagtail 5.1 and the impact it brought to Wagtail's performance.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Sick of performance issues? Enter Scout's APM tool for Python apps. Easily pinpoint and fix slowdowns with intelligent tracing logic. Optimize performance hassle-free, delighting your users. Try us out for free!

  

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Switching to Hatch

  <p>First poetry, then pdm and now hatch.  A new tool for me, to manage my Python projects.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How to model a following system similar to Twitter and Instagram with Python and Django

  <p>Learn how to build a follower system in the spirit of platforms like X (previously Twitter) and Instagram with Python and Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Introducing flake8-logging

  <p>Adam Johnson wrote about his new project, <code>flake8-logging</code> which helps against misuse of logging.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Add database search with Django and HTMX 🕵️

  <p>Search server-side with speed.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### DjangoCongress JP 2023

  <p>DjangoCongress JP returns on October 7, 2023, in Tokyo.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Announcing Our Keynotes: Andrew “Pandy” Knight

  <p>Andrew “Pandy” Knight is DjangoCon US 2023’s third and final keynote speaker.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Day Copenhagen - Full Schedule Now Up!

  <p>The full schedule for this annual event is now up. It occurs on October 6th and tickets are still available.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PyLadiesCon - CFP Outreach Kit (English)

  <p>Want to help spread the news of PyLadiesCon? PyLadies have a kit to help spread the word.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Design Articles

  ### Browser Video Players Review — Adrian Roselli

  <p>A deep dive into the HTML5 <code>&lt;video&gt;</code> element.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### Add robots.txt to a Django website

  <p>Adding a <code>robots.txt</code> file is a helpful piece of Search Engine Optimization as well as a way to request which bots, like ChatGPT and others, you do not wish to crawl your site.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### From React To HTMX

  <p>A reaction video from a DjangoCon Europe 2022 talk, "From React to htmx on a real-world SaaS product: we did it, and it's awesome!" is worth watching if you are debating switching from React to htmx.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Learn More About our Django Services

  <p>At HackSoft, we offer expert Django software development, consultation and support, to help you build robust and scalable software.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### jazzband/django-robots

  <p>A Django app for managing robots.txt files following the robots exclusion protocol.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### stribny/sidewinder

  <p>Django starter kit that focuses on good defaults, developer experience, and deployment.</p>

  [None](None)