---
description: DjangoCon US 2023 videos, Python 3.12.1 release, database generated columns,
  a settings pattern for reusable apps, and dozens more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 210
published: 2023-12-15 11:00:00+00:00
title: 2023 Malcolm Tredinnick Memorial Prize Winner
url: https://django-news.com/issues/210
---

# [2023 Malcolm Tredinnick Memorial Prize Winner](https://django-news.com/issues/210)

DjangoCon US 2023 videos, Python 3.12.1 release, database generated columns, a settings pattern for reusable apps, and dozens more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### 2023 Malcolm Tredinnick Memorial Prize awarded to Djangonaut Space

  <p>Djangonaut Space, run by organizers Dawn Wages, Rachell Calhoun, Sarah Abderemane, Sarah Boyce, and Tim Schilling, is a mentoring initiative dedicated to expanding contributions and diversifying contributors within the Django community.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python Release Python 3.12.1

  <p>Python 3.12 is the newest major release of the Python programming language, and it contains many new features and optimizations. 3.12.1 is the latest maintenance release, containing more than 400 bugfixes, build improvements and documentation changes since 3.12.0.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python Insider: Python 3.11.7 is now available

  <p>Python 3.11.7 is the newest major release of the Python programming language, and it contains many new features and optimizations.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### The State of Developer Ecosystem in 2023 Infographic

  <p>This report is the culmination of insights gathered from 26,348 developers from all around the globe.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python Software Foundation: "🐍📣 We have extended the Python…" - Fosstodon

  <p>The Python Developers Survey for 2023 has been extended. Please help the PSF accurately represent the Python community by taking the survey, sharing this post, and sending to your local networks #python https://survey.alchemer.com/s3/7554174/python-developers-survey-2023</p>

  [None](None)

  ### 2FA Requirement for PyPI begins 2024-01-01

  <p>PyPI will require 2FA for all users on Jan 1, 2024.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### REVSYS

  <p>We can help you with your project as experienced Django developers and consultants. Follow our open-source projects on GitHub at <a href="https://cur.at/a5nrbd7">https://github.com/revsys</a> to see what we're working on and how we can support you.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Database generated columns⁽³⁾: GeoDjango & PostGIS

  <p>An introduction to database generated columns, using PostgGIS, GeoDjango and the new GeneratedField added in Django 5.0.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django: Defer a model field by default

  <p>A method in Django for deferring large model fields by default when fetching model instances to reduce memory usage and improve performance.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Easy HTTP status codes in Python

  <p>How to use the http.HTTPStatus enum from the Python standard library to represent HTTP status codes in code, rather than hard-coding the integer values or using other frameworks' status code constants.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### A settings pattern for reusable Django apps

  <p>A pattern for defining settings in a reusable Django app that supports IDE auto-complete, type hints, lazy loading from project settings, easy documentation, and reuse, using a frozen dataclass with prefixed properties to allow overrides and a custom getattribute method.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Real-world match/case

  <p>A real-world example where Python’s match/case shows its power.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Why if TYPE_CHECKING?

  <p>Typechecking is brittle yet important. A look at why constant and conditional imports are used to avoid issues with circular references.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django: Fix version 5.0’s URLField.assume_scheme warnings

  <p>A look at a deprecation warning in Django 5.0 related to the default HTTP scheme assumption for the URLField form field and multiple options to fix it.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### DjangoCon Europe 2024

  <p>DjangoCon Europe is back June 5-9th, 2024 in Vigo, Spain.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django London Meetup December

  <p>December edition featuring the annual Christmas tradition: Django Quiz with prizes! Also a talk from Anna Zhydko, Supporting Junior Developers: Insights from My Journey.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PyCascades 2024 CFP

  <p>The PyCascades 2024 CFP is open through January 4th.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### DjangoCon US 2023 Playlist

  <p>All the videos from DjangoCon US 2023 are now available on YouTube!</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US 2023  Keynote: Finding Purpose in Open Source Through Community Building with Abigail Mesrenyame Dogbe

  <p>Mesrenyame shares her journey from Django Girls event attendee to active open source participant.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US 2023: Custom Model Managers and QuerySets: Graduating from Django Beginner to ORM Master with Josh Thomas

  <p>This talk explores the potential of Django custom model managers and querysets, guiding beginners through their utilization for more efficient and maintainable development, showcasing practical patterns along the way.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Sick of performance issues? Enter Scout's APM tool for Python apps. Easily pinpoint and fix slowdowns with intelligent tracing logic. Optimize performance hassle-free, delighting your users. Try us out for free!

  

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Introducing Hidden Figures of Python Podcast Series

  <p>The PyPodcats team, Cheuk, Georgi, Mariatta, and Tereza, got together and discussed their origin stories and why they were inspired to start this podcast.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### ephes/django-cast

  <p>Django and Wagtail based blogging / podcasting app.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### matthiask/django-json-schema-editor

  <p>An extracted JSON editing component based on @json-editor/json-editor.</p>

  [None](None)