---
description: Updates to Django, annual PyCharm campaign, Managers vs QuerySets, and
  more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 187
published: 2023-07-07 10:00:00+00:00
title: 'Django security releases issued: 4.2.3, 4.1.10, and 3.2.20'
url: https://django-news.com/issues/187
---

# [Django security releases issued: 4.2.3, 4.1.10, and 3.2.20](https://django-news.com/issues/187)

Updates to Django, annual PyCharm campaign, Managers vs QuerySets, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django security releases issued: 4.2.3, 4.1.10, and 3.2.20

  <p>These releases address a new security issue. All users of Django are encouraged to upgrade as soon as possible.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Announcing the 2023 Python Software Foundation Board Election Results!

  <p>Congratulations to the 5 new members.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PyCharm & DSF Campaign 2023

  <p>In collaboration with JetBrains, Django Software Foundation (DSF) is running a fundraiser from July 3rd to July 23rd, offering a 30% discount on a year of PyCharm, with all proceeds supporting DSF. Purchasing also grants a free month of JetBrains Academy access with courses like Django, SQL, and Git.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Learn More About our Django Services

  <p>At HackSoft, we offer expert Django software development, consultation and support, to help you build robust and scalable software.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Unlocking Performance: A Guide to Async Support in Django

  <p>This guide provides valuable insights and practical tips for new and experienced developers to leverage async programming in Django for non-blocking operations, improved scalability, and enhanced responsiveness.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django June 2023 - Python Morsels

  <p>A summary of Django tips collected from #DjangoJune posts on Mastodon and Twitter in 2023.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Organizing Database Queries: Managers vs. QuerySets

  <p>Django Fellow Mariusz Felisiak writes on two core features of the Django ORM: Managers and QuerySets.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Proposing a struct syntax for Python

  <p>Brett Cannon proposes adding a new 'struct' syntax to Python, a construct where parameter names directly map to attribute names, simplifying data structure creation.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Two Ways to Turbo-Charge tox

  <p>This article discusses strategies for speeding up tox runs beyond the traditional parallel approach. While these methods may not significantly impact performance in continuous integration systems like GitHub Actions, they can greatly enhance the efficiency of local development.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### DjangoCon Europe 2023: Keynote: A speedrunning guide to software development

  <p>Tobias Kunze gave the Keynote this year and it was a wonderful talk about how we continue to learn as software developers. Highly recommended to view.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon Europe 2023: Do the holes in Swiss cheese leak abstractions?

  <p>Django uses abstractions everywhere--the ORM, request/response cycle, etc.--and they are powerful but also can be leaky. Sometimes a sequence of events can lead to an accident or outage.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Blaze.horse — Django Starter Kit

  <p>Big tech thinks everyone needs to build aircraft carriers, but all you need is a horse. We’ve distilled what we’ve learned, making all the little picky decisions so you don’t have to: just get to work on your project!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Chat #142: Django REST Framework (Replay)

  <p>A discussion of Django REST Framework, how it integrates with traditional Django, and its core features.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### zappa/Zappa

  <p>The Zappa "Serverless Python" project is back under a new repository. If you want to run Django in a serverless environment, check out Zappa.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### pytest-dev/pytest-cov

  <p>Coverage plugin for pytest.</p>

  [None](None)