---
description: PSF Election, Wagtail new release, Django + Redis tutorial, building
  search DSLs with Django, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 185
published: 2023-06-23 10:00:00+00:00
title: Bringing Locality of Behavior to Django
url: https://django-news.com/issues/185
---

# [Bringing Locality of Behavior to Django](https://django-news.com/issues/185)

PSF Election, Wagtail new release, Django + Redis tutorial, building search DSLs with Django, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### The 2023 PSF Board Election is Open!

  <p>In order to vote in this election, individuals must be a Contributing, Managing, Supporting, or Fellow member as of June 15, 2023, and have confirmed their intention to vote by June 19, 2023.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Wagtail 5.0.2 release notes

  <p>New features and bug fixes in the latest Wagtail version.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Announcing Our New Security Developer in Residence!

  <p>The Python Software Foundation now has a security developer in residence.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Updates to Django

  ### Updates to Django

  <p>From Django Review and Triage Team Member <a href="https://cur.at/5RavGGg">Sarah Boyce</a>...</p>

<p>Last week we had <a href="https://cur.at/tLp6iVu">13 pull requests</a> merged into Django by 10 different contributors - including 2 first time contributors!
Congratulations to <a href="https://cur.at/vyWR5cz">Olivier Le Thanh Duong</a> and <a href="https://cur.at/vGS4hyG">Ashwin Dharne</a> for having their first commits merged into Django - welcome on board!</p>

<p>This time <a href="https://cur.at/KuIWQfV">filtering support</a> was added to GIS aggregate functions, and an <a href="https://cur.at/LElAbgJ">offset</a> value was added to <code>StepValueValidator</code>!
You will be able to use both of these features in 5.0.</p>

<p>Do you want to add something into Django 5.0?
Why don't you update <code>assertContains</code> and <code>assertInHTML</code> to output a haystack on failure <a href="https://cur.at/waZ2acF">#34657</a>? Look forward to welcoming you on board!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Learn More About our Django Services

  <p>At HackSoft, we offer expert Django software development, consultation and support, to help you build robust and scalable software.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Building Search DSLs with Django

  <p>What happens when there are too many fields for a UI to search on? Search DSLs can give a user more granular access to searching without exposing an overly complicated interface.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Bringing Locality of Behaviour to Django Views and URLs

  <p>An attempt via <a href="https://cur.at/egjwHxY">django-view-decorator</a> to bring more locality of behaviour between Django URLs and views. Picking up on the concept first popularized by HTMX and highlighted by Carlton Gibson in his recent <a href="https://cur.at/1jOWY52">DjangoCon Europe talk</a>, among other places.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Model Fields With Attributes

  <p>Jacob shows us how to use <code>contribute_to_class</code>, a <code>Descriptor</code>, and a string class to create a custom <code>MarkdownField</code> that can display both text and html.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django: A security improvement coming to format_html()

  <p>Why <code>format_html()</code> can be dangerous, how to fix it, and why Django 5.0+ now has a patch fixing the issue.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### Caching in Django with Redis

  <p>A step-by-step guide on implementing caching with Redis in Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### DjangoCon Europe 2023: Use SQLite in production

  <p>Tom Dyson revisits the traditional wisdom that SQLite is not suitable for production. He takes a deep look at several real-world examples, comparing its performance against traditional database options (PostgreSQL, MySQL, etc). And he explores exciting new developments in the SQLite ecosystem, particularly those which enable its use in machine learning in general and LLMs (large language models) in particular.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon Europe 2023: All about djangoproject.com

  <p>Paolo Melchiorre discusses the latest updates to the DjangoProject.com website, ongoing improvements, and exciting new developments.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Blaze.horse — Django Starter Kit

  <p>Big tech thinks everyone needs to build aircraft carriers, but all you need is a horse. We’ve distilled what we’ve learned, making all the little picky decisions so you don’t have to: just get to work on your project!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Chat #141: How to Learn Django (Replay)

  <p>Carlton and Will discuss how to learn Django whether you are a total beginner or experienced web developer.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### carltongibson/django-filter

  <p>A generic system for filtering Django QuerySets based on user selections.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### mxsasha/django-restricted-sessions

  <p>Restrict Django sessions to IP and/or user agent.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### valberg/django-view-decorator/

  <p>A very beta but cool decorator aimed at bringing locality of behaviour to the connection between a URL and a view in Django.</p>

  [None](None)