---
description: 'Django 5.1, 5.0, and 4.2 releases, Python 3.12.5, and much, much, more. '
newsletter: Django News
number: 245
published: 2024-08-09 10:00:00+00:00
title: ✨ Django 5.1 is out!
url: https://django-news.com/issues/245
---

# [✨ Django 5.1 is out!](https://django-news.com/issues/245)

Django 5.1, 5.0, and 4.2 releases, Python 3.12.5, and much, much, more. 

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django 5.1 released

  <p>Django 5.1 was released, featuring the new <code>LoginRequiredMiddleware</code> for easier authentication and several accessibility enhancements, including improved screen reader support and more semantic HTML elements. There is also a <code>querystring</code> template tag simplifies query string handling in templates.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django security releases issued: 5.0.8 and 4.2.15

  <p>The Django team has issued security releases 5.0.8 and 4.2.15, addressing multiple vulnerabilities, including potential memory exhaustion, denial-of-service attacks, and SQL injection risks; users are advised to upgrade immediately.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python 3.12.5 released

  <p>Python 3.12.5 is the latest maintenance release, containing more than 250 bug fixes, build improvements, and documentation changes since 3.12.4.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PSF News: Security Developer-in-Residence role extended thanks to Alpha-Omega

  <p>Thanks to continued support from Alpha-Omega, Seth Larson's role as Security Developer-in-Residence has been extended through the end of 2024, focusing on enhancing Python ecosystem security.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Free Trial of Scout APM Today!

  <p>Need answers to your Django app questions fast? Avoid the hassle of talking with a sales rep and the long wait times of large support teams, and choose Scout APM. Get Django insights in less than 4 minutes with Scout APM.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Anatomy of a web app

  <p>A five-part series of articles for junior and aspiring developers covering the high-level components of a web app: requests/responses, databases, AJAX, auth, and payment gateways.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### The Stack Report - Locality of Behaviour

  <p>A meaty post from former Django Fellow Carlton Gibson on a way of thinking about and assessing code.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How Postgres stores data on disk – this one's a page turner

  <p>A high-level overview of how PostgreSQL stores data on disk, covering segments, pages and more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### TIL: Neapolitan: Everything I've Learned

  <p>Lacey covers the Neapolitan CRUD library, including Roles and custom template paths.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### ⬆️ Which Django and Python versions should I be using today?

  <p>Jeff shares his thoughts on when to make the latest Django and Python major versions his default versions.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### Announcing Our Keynotes: Mario Munoz

  

  [None](None)

  ### PyCon US 2024 Recap and Recording Release

  <p>PyCon US 2024 in Pittsburgh was a record-breaking success and all event recordings are now available on the PyCon US YouTube channel along with their recap summary.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### How to Write an Installable Django App

  <p>Learn how to take an app out of a Django project and package it so that it’s installable. Once you’ve packaged your app, you can share it on PyPI so that others can fetch it through pip.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### DjangoGirls 1010 Anniversary with Ola Sendecka and Ola Sitarska by Django Girls podcast

  <p>Join us for this special episode with Ola and Ola on DjangoGirls' 10th anniversary. They will take us down memory lane to explain why DjangoGirls?</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### simonw/django-http-debug

  <p>Django app for creating endpoints that log incoming request and return mock data.</p>

<p>See Simon's announcement blog post, <a href="https://cur.at/pnfQKle">django-http-debug, a new Django app mostly written by Claude</a>.</p>

  [None](None)