---
description: DjangoCon US tickets, Malcolm Tredinnick Prize nominations, and the latest
  updates from the Django community!
newsletter: Django News
number: 251
published: 2024-09-20 10:00:00+00:00
title: 2024 Malcolm Tredinnick Prize nominations
url: https://django-news.com/issues/251
---

# [2024 Malcolm Tredinnick Prize nominations](https://django-news.com/issues/251)

DjangoCon US tickets, Malcolm Tredinnick Prize nominations, and the latest updates from the Django community!

  ----

  ## News

  ### Nominate a Djangonaut for the 2024 Malcolm Tredinnick Memorial Prize

  <p>Nominations are open until Monday, September 30th, 2024. Learn more about <a href="https://cur.at/XeqyQE4">past winners here</a>.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Last call for DjangoCon US 2024 tickets!

  <p>It's the very last call for DjangoCon US 2024 tickets!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django Software Foundation

  ### Could you host DjangoCon Europe 2026? Call for organizers

  <p>We are looking for the next group of organizers to own and lead the 2026 DjangoCon Europe conference.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Free Trial of Scout APM Today!

  <p>Need answers to your Django app questions fast? Avoid the hassle of talking with a sales rep and the long wait times of large support teams, and choose Scout APM. Get Django insights in less than 4 minutes with Scout APM.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Django: hoist repeated decorator definitions

  <p>Adam shows us how to reduce the repetition of Django's view decorators.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Mentors

  <p>Thoughts from a recent Djangonaut Space mentor on how to find, work, or be a great mentor to someone else.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### 🤠 UV Roundup: Five good articles and a pre-commit tip

  <p>Jeff did a round of articles on UV that he likes that have some good tips if you want to see what the fuss is about.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Why we wrote a new form library for Django

  <p>An alternative approach to Django forms inspired the creation of the iommi form library.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Release fatigue 😫 and going static

  <p>Emma shares her experience of transitioning to a statically generated website to combat release fatigue and simplify maintenance.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Things I’ve learned serving on the board of the Python Software Foundation

  <p>Simon Willison's take on two years on the board of directors for the PSF.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Spiderweb: the Tiny Web Framework

  <p>Spiderweb is a lightweight web framework built to understand how frameworks like Django and Flask work.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Forum

  ### What does the community think to Carlton’s take on auth.User?

  <p>A lively and ongoing discussion on the current status of <code>auth.User</code>.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Fellow Report - Natalia - 2024

  <p>Did you know our Fellows have a weekly report on what they're working on? Check out Natalia's.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Fellow Report - Sarah - 2024

  <p>The weekly Fellows Report from Sarah Boyce, who also regularly reports on what she's working on.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### What I'm bringing to DjangoCon US 2024

  <p>Drew Winstel's list of packing items he's bringing to DCUS. A good last-minute guide for anyone still packing!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Chat #166: Django Fellows - Natalia Bidart & Sarah Boyce

  <p>Our two Django Fellows join us to discuss new features in the Django 5.1 release, major improvements to accessibility, future updates in Django 5.2 and 6.0, and more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Girls podcast: Take your career to the next level with Çağıl

  <p>An exciting chat with Çağıl, a backend engineering lead, vice president @ Django Software Foundation, and the co-organizer of the London Django Meetup.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### itsthejoker/spiderweb

  <p>A small web framework, just big enough for a spider.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### valberg/django-admin-tui

  <p>Django Admin in the terminal!</p>

  [None](None)