---
description: DjangoCon US CFP and Grants are open, multilingual support, getting started
  with Django, local Django communities, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 221
published: 2024-03-01 11:00:00+00:00
title: 28 PRs Merged into Django This Week!
url: https://django-news.com/issues/221
---

# [28 PRs Merged into Django This Week!](https://django-news.com/issues/221)

DjangoCon US CFP and Grants are open, multilingual support, getting started with Django, local Django communities, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### DjangoCon US 2024 CFP and Opportunity Grants are open!

  <p>DjangoCon US 2024's Call for Proposals and Opportunity Grants programs are now open until April 24, 2024.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PSF News: White House recommends use of memory-safe languages like Python

  <p>The White House has recommended the use of memory-safe programming languages like Python.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Get Django insights in less than 4 minutes with Scout APM.

  <p>Need answers to your Django app questions fast? Avoid the hassle of talking with a sales rep and the long wait times of large support teams, and choose Scout APM.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Multilingual Support In Django

  <p>⭐ This is an excellent demo and walkthrough of Django's internationalization support and what it means to add multilingual support for your application. 💯</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python's UV tool is actually pretty good

  <p>Jeff shared his notes on how to get UV working with his workflows. UV is the new Python tool, billed as a faster pip and pip-tools replacement.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How to dockerize a Django, Preact, and PostgreSQL Application

  <p>A walk through setting up Django and Docker app that uses PostgreSQL and Preact.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### The simplest way to add a Django worker (Using AWS Chalice)

  <p>One way to develop and deploy a serverless function for Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django: show me the SQL

  <p>Here are seven different ways of inspecting the SQL generated by the ORM of Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### ARCHITECTURE.md

  <p>If your project doesn't have an ARCHITECTURE.md you might consider it to help bridge the knowledge gap between new and seasoned maintainers.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### PyCon US 2024 Schedule Launch. Introducing our Keynote Speakers

  <p>PyCon US launched its scheduled keynote speakers this week. There are several Django-friendly talks and friends speaking this year.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Local Django Communities

  <p>The DSF is now organizing a list of Local Django Communities on their website.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### Getting Started with Django

  <p>A comprehensive introduction to Django highlighting architecture, project structure, models, views, URLs, and templates.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## DjangoCon Videos

  ### DjangoCon US 2023 - Introduction to GitHub Actions: Understanding Key Terms and Building Your First

  <p>Paul from Platform.sh covers the widely popular tool, GitHub Actions, and how to integrate it with a Django app.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US 2023 - Let's build a BeeWare app that uses Django

  <p>BeeWare is a framework that let users of all skill levels develop applications with native user interfaces. It is very powerful to extend the already existing Django application to multiple devices. In this talk, we will demo building a simple Beeware app with a Django backend.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US 2023 - Swiss Army Django: Small Footprint ETL

  <p>A case study of a single-application ETL system to scrape and enrich complex nested data and then expose it via GraphQL and Discord. It will dive into how to use these various async-based libraries together in a small footprint app.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### bckohan/django-typer

  <p>Use Typer (type hints) to define the interface for your Django management commands.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### aaronn/django-rest-framework-passwordless

  <p>Passwordless Auth for Django REST Framework.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### olivierphi/zakuchess

  <p>A free and open-source "daily chess challenge" game, where you play against a computer opponent with pixel art graphics from The Battle for Wesnoth.</p>

<p>Zakuchess is built with Django 5, htmx, Tailwind CSS, and some other neat tech.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsorship

  ### Sponsor this Newsletter

  <p>Want to reach over ~3,700 active Django developers? Full information is available on the <a href="https://cur.at/uzkGFxS">sponsorship page</a>.</p>

  [None](None)