---
description: PSF Board Election, Wagtail Space US recap, test for pending migrations,
  an HTMX success story, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 240
published: 2024-07-05 10:00:00+00:00
title: Psycopg 3.2 released
url: https://django-news.com/issues/240
---

# [Psycopg 3.2 released](https://django-news.com/issues/240)

PSF Board Election, Wagtail Space US recap, test for pending migrations, an HTMX success story, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### The 2024 PSF Board Election is Open!

  <p>If you are a voting member of the PSF, it's time to vote for your next representatives and on three bylaw amendments.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Psycopg 3.2 released

  <p>After almost two years, 846 commits, more than 700 new tests, and more than 20000 changes in 310 files Psycopg 3.2 has been released!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### Wagtail Space US 2024: Beating the heat with cool code

  <p>A recap (with photos!) of the recent three days of talks and sprints at Wagtail Space US in Philadelphia.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Where should DjangoCon US 2025 be?

  <p>Send us your venue proposal this summer! We are looking at conference dates of October 5-10, 2025 or October 12-17, 2025.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Django: Test for pending migrations

  <p>How to set up a test in your project’s “core” app to detect any missing migrations.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### An HTMX success story

  <p>Notes on porting from Django+React to a Django+HTMX based stack.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django and Semgrep: Enforcing a Service Layer Using Static Analysis

  <p>This article shows a rough-and-ready example of enforcing the simplest Service Layer pattern using Semgrep rules that can be checked in CI pipelines.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Docker Postgres Autoupgrades

  <p>Jeff shows us how upgrading your Postgres database in docker is as easy as changing your default image.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### A Just recipe to backup and restore a Postgres database

  <p>Learn how to use this casey/just recipe to help backup and restore my Postgres databases in your Docker containers.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### PyCon US 2024 Videos

  <p>PyCon US 2024 videos have started to be released, with more coming out weekly.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### HackSoft - The Django Experts You Can Count On

  <p>Unlock the full power of Django with our team of experts. Learn more about our consulting services.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Brew: Episode 3: Elusive Coffee in the Multiverse of PyCon

  <p>Sangeeta and Adam talk about going to PyCon US 2024 in Pittsburgh, PA.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### danihodovic/django-allauth-ui

  <p>Nice looking templates for django-allauth.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### kaedroho/django-render

  <p>Build fast, user-friendly applications with Django and React.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### JSv4/OpenContracts

  <p>Mass document analytics platform based on LlamaIndex, Pgvector, React and Django.</p>

  [None](None)