---
description: Last call to speak at DjangoCon US and Wagtail Space US, seven examples
  of GeneratedField, building forms in the admin, styling RSS feeds, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 228
published: 2024-04-19 10:00:00+00:00
title: PyPI Expanding Trusted Publisher Support
url: https://django-news.com/issues/228
---

# [PyPI Expanding Trusted Publisher Support](https://django-news.com/issues/228)

Last call to speak at DjangoCon US and Wagtail Space US, seven examples of GeneratedField, building forms in the admin, styling RSS feeds, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Don't Miss Out: Last Call for DjangoCon US 2024 Talk Proposals!

  <p>Have you submitted your talk or tutorial for DjangoCon US 2024, in beautiful Durham, North Carolina, USA?</p>

<p>This is your last call to submit a talk or tutorial. The CFP deadline is April 24, 2024, at 12 PM EDT.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PyPI: Expanding Trusted Publisher Support

  <p>PyPI added GitLab CI/CD, Google Cloud, and ActiveState as Trusted Publishing providers.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django Software Foundation

  ### DSF Board meeting minutes for April 11, 2024

  <p>Here are the DSF Board's meeting minutes for April 11, 2024.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### Wagtail Space CFP deadline is April 22

  <p>It's the last call to speak this summer at Wagtail Space US 2024.</p>

<p><a href="https://cur.at/B4Sk0Um">Wagtail Space US 2024 – Call For Proposals</a></p>

<p><a href="https://cur.at/trQNTbU">Wagtail Space Virtual Talks 2024 – Call For Proposals</a></p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### 7 simple examples using Django GeneratedField

  <p>Django 5.0 added a new feature, GeneratedField, which allows us to auto-calculate database fields. This article shows seven short examples of how to use it so the database performs calculations extremely quickly.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django from first principles, part 3

  <p>In the third installment of his series on constructing a comprehensive Django project from a single file, Eric Matthes explores enhancing your homepage with templates.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Building forms with the Django admin

  <p>A look at multiple ways, including over time, to build and style forms in the Django admin.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Styling a Django RSS Feed 

  <p>A straightforward way to style your RSS feed in a Django app.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Enforcing conventions in Django projects with introspection

  <p>Some code and tips to combine Python and Django introspection APIs to enforce naming conventions in your Django models.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### Building a Voice Notes App with Django and OpenAI

  <p>In this tutorial, you will learn how to build a voice notes app using Django and OpenAI for speech-to-text conversion. Additionally, AlpineJS will manage the state on the front end.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### Django 2024: The Latest Development Trends

  <p>Scheduled for Apr 25, 2024. Tune in to our upcoming livestream, where we’ll take you through the latest Django Developers Survey results based on responses from 4,000 Django developers.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Understanding Wasm: How We Got Here by Chris Dickinson @ Wasm I/O 2024

  <p>Let’s put Wasm and the problems it solves into historical context: what are we trying to solve, and for whom? What has been tried before? What makes this effort more likely to succeed? We’ll examine the history of virtual machines, operating systems, &amp; hypervisors from the 1960s through the 2010s.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Free Trial of Scout APM Today!

  <p>Need answers to your Django app questions fast? Avoid the hassle of talking with a sales rep and the long wait times of large support teams, and choose Scout APM. Get Django insights in less than 4 minutes with Scout APM.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Chat #161: Kraken - Çağıl Uluşahin Sönmez

  <p>Çağıl is a Lead Backend Engineer at Kraken Tech, Django Software Foundation Vice President, and Django London Meetup co-organizer. We discuss her background studying computer science in Turkey, organizing DjangoGirls and Python events in Istanbul, and her current work today.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python Test #218: Balancing test coverage with test costs

  <p>Nicole is a software engineer and writer, and recently wrote about the trade-offs we make when deciding which tests to write and how much testing is enough.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### matthiask/django-translated-fields

  <p>Django model translation without magic-inflicted pain.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### inkandswitch/tiny-essay-editor

  <p>Simple markdown editor w inline comments, on latest auto merge stack.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsorship

  ### 🌷 Spring Newsletter Sponsorships

  <p>Want to reach over 3,750+ active Django developers? Full information is available on the <a href="https://cur.at/JMFhFAb">sponsorship page</a>.</p>

  [None](None)