---
description: DjangoCon US CFP, how to spend less time writing tests, Djangonauts on
  a podcast, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 222
published: 2024-03-08 11:00:00+00:00
title: 'Django security releases issued: 5.0.3, 4.2.11, and 3.2.25'
url: https://django-news.com/issues/222
---

# [Django security releases issued: 5.0.3, 4.2.11, and 3.2.25](https://django-news.com/issues/222)

DjangoCon US CFP, how to spend less time writing tests, Djangonauts on a podcast, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django security releases issued: 5.0.3, 4.2.11, and 3.2.25

  <p>A new security release addressing a potential regular expression denial-of-service. As always, the best security measure is to stay up-to-date with the latest version of Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Google Summer of Code 2024

  <p>Django is once again part of Google's Summer of Code. This long-running program has resulted in many key contributions to Django over the years.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### Making wagtail.org more accessible

  <p>Wagtail.org, with help from Outreachy, performed an accessibility audit and published the results.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Get Django insights in less than 4 minutes with Scout APM.

  <p>Need answers to your Django app questions fast? Avoid the hassle of talking with a sales rep and the long wait times of large support teams, and choose Scout APM.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### How to spend less time writing Django tests

  <p>Autogenerating Django integration tests using Kolo and trace inversion.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Things I'd Like to See in a DjangoCon US 2024 Talk

  <p>Drew Winstel is the Vice President of <a href="https://cur.at/VTqwpN5">DEFNA</a>, the group that organizes DjangoCon US every year, and the current program chair. In this piece he writes suggestions for what topics would be good in a talk.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US 2024 Topics Inspiration List

  <p>Kati is a <a href="https://cur.at/DP5BKJ6">DEFNA</a> Director and presents a very thorough list of talk ideas for DjangoCon US.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Importing data with Django Ninja's ModelSchema

  <p>Jeff wrote about using Django Ninja's ModelSchema to translate a Django model from one structure to another.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### JavaScript Bloat in 2024

  <p>A detailed look at the average size of JavaScript code downloaded per several major websites.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Where Does Validation Occur?

  <p>A look at where validation occurs in an application with a Django REST Framework backend and dedicated frontend.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### DjangoCon US 2024 Call for Proposals is Open!

  <p>Submit your talk or tutorial proposal by April 24, 2024 at 12 PM EDT, and encourage your friends and colleagues to do the same.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### LearnDjango: Django Blog Tutorial

  <p>How to build a basic blog application in Django using models, views, URLs, and templates.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### DjangoCon US 2023: Mario Munoz - Back to the Future of Hypermedia in Django

  <p>One of the most popular toolkits in the Python space is htmx, offering a simple, declarative approach to AJAX and Server Sent Events directly from your HTML. While this trend is taking shape in the Python ecosystem as a whole, Django goes even further, providing a maturing set of patterns, tooling, and projects that take full advantage of these new (old?) paradigms.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US 2023: Scott Cranfill - Best Practices for Making a Wagtail Site as Accessible as Possible

  <p>This talk is focused on the latter, showing how you (a developer of a Wagtail-powered site) can set up your models, templates, and workflows in order to make it as easy as possible for your editors to create websites that are as accessible as possible.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US 2023: Denny Biasiolli - Django migrations, friend or foe? Optimize Django migrations for faster testing

  <p>Django migrations can become very numerous over time and take a long time to create a test database. This talk looks at several techniques for optimizing your migrations to improve performance.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### The Complete pytest Course: From beginner to expert

  <p>From Brian Okken, author of the book, <a href="https://cur.at/jOyxj6V">Python Testing with pytest</a>, comes a brand-new video course on mastering pytest.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Talk Python: Djangonauts, Ready for Blast-Off

  <p>Sarah Boyce and Tushar Gupta talk about the wonderful Djangonaut program, its first cohort, current group, and plans for the future.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Chat #158: The Future of Python with Deb Nicholson

  <p>Deb is the Executive Director of the Python Software Foundation and a longtime member of open-source communities. We discuss the work of an executive director, the PSF’s new Developers-in-Residence, recent legislative efforts, and how software nonprofits function day to day.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### PaulGilmartin/django-queryhunter

  <p>Hunt down the lines of your Django application code which are responsible for executing the most queries.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### julianwachholz/django-sqids

  <p>Non-intrusive sqids library for Django.</p>

  [None](None)