---
description: 2024 Django Developers Survey, Steering Council Elections, Black Friday
  sales, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 260
published: 2024-11-22 11:00:00+00:00
title: 2025 DSF Board Results
url: https://django-news.com/issues/260
---

# [2025 DSF Board Results](https://django-news.com/issues/260)

2024 Django Developers Survey, Steering Council Elections, Black Friday sales, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Announcing the 6.x Django Steering Council elections 🚀

  <p>The Django Software Foundation has announced early elections for the 6.x Steering Council to address technical governance challenges and guide the project's future direction.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Channels 4.2.0 Release Notes

  <p>Channels 4.2 adds enhanced async support, including improved handling of database connections, compatibility with Django 5.1, and various bug fixes and improvements such as better in-memory channel layer behavior and more robust WebSocket handling.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python Insider: Python 3.14.0 alpha 2 released

  <p>Python 3.14.0 alpha 2 introduces features like deferred evaluation of annotations and a new Python configuration C API.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django Software Foundation

  ### 2025 DSF Board Election Results

  <p>The 2025 DSF Board Election results are in, with Abigail Gbadago, Jeff Triplett, Paolo Melchiorre, and Tom Carrick joining the board for two-year terms.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### 2024 Django Developers Survey

  <p>The <a href="https://cur.at/LGnvq8r">2024 Django Developers Survey</a>, is open until December 21st, offering insights into Django usage and a chance to win a $100 gift card for participants providing meaningful answers.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DSF Board monthly meeting, November 19, 2024

  <p>Meeting minutes for DSF Board monthly meeting, November 19, 2024</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### Two years of the Wagtail public roadmap

  <p>Wagtail celebrates two years of its public roadmap, achieving 55 roadmap items across 8 releases, improving transparency, and inviting community input through RFCs, contributions, and sponsorship opportunities.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Wagtail 6.3.1 released

  <p>Wagtail 6.3.1 addresses several fixes, including profile picture uploads, data conversion handling, and UI improvements, along with documentation updates for clarity and accuracy.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### A tale of digging into Wagtail’s page tree internals

  <p>An exploration of Wagtail's page tree internals reveals how understanding its Materialized Path implementation enables efficient querying for parent pages, improving features like search result context while avoiding N+1 queries.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### SaaS Pegasus is a starter project and community for building Django apps fast. It includes built-in teams, billing, AI apps, a modern front end, deployment, and more. This week only, you can get lifetime access to Pegasus and its 1,000-member support community for 50% off.

  

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Django-related Deals for Black Friday 2024

  <p>Discover a variety of Django-related deals and discounts available this Black Friday and Cyber Monday, including books, courses, and software packages, with discounts up to 50%.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How to hire a Python Developer

  <p>To successfully hire a Python developer, focus on improving the interview process by streamlining stages, emphasizing cultural fit, and making quick decisions to attract top talent.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Is async django ready for prime time?

  <p>Django's async capabilities have significantly improved, making it a viable option for production use, especially in AI applications where I/O-bound tasks are prevalent.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How to efficiently Send Emails Asynchronously in Django

  <p>Efficiently send emails asynchronously in Django by implementing a custom email backend that leverages background processing tools like RQ or Celery.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Manually setting a field when saving a ModelForm

  <p>Easily configure Django <code>ModelForm</code> to automatically set the current user as the article's author, while also handling multiple authors and maintaining the integrity of save operations.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### SPF Record Generator

  <p>Configuring email is hard. This new tool from Stuart Maxwell is a quick-and-easy way to sort out your SPF records.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Introducing DjangoVer

  <p>DjangoVer is a new versioning system for Django-related packages that ties version numbers to the latest supported Django release, providing clear compatibility information at a glance.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DSF Board, AMA after 8 months

  <p>Sarah Abderemane reflects on the challenges and progress of the Django Software Foundation board after eight months, emphasizing the need for improved communication, fundraising, and community engagement.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Thoughts on my election as a DSF board member

  <p>Paolo Melchiorre reflects on his election to the Django Software Foundation board, expressing gratitude and a commitment to fostering an inclusive community.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### Django Congress Japan 2025

  <p>DjangoCongress JP 2025 is an online conference held online in Japan on Feb 22nd, 2025.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### "Django: Looking Forward to the Next 20 years" with Emma Delescolle

  <p>Emma Delescolle presents her talk, "Django: Looking Forward to the Next 20 years" to the Djangonaut Space 2024 Session 3 team.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### "Demystifying the Django ORM" with Simon Charette

  <p>Simon Charette presents his talk, "Demystifying the Django ORM" to the Djangonaut Space 2024 Session 3 team.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### LearnDjango Black Friday Sale - 50% Off!

  <p>Enjoy 50% off and lifetime access to the courses on LearnDjango.com, featuring the works of Will Vincent, author of Django for Beginners/APIs/Professionals.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Chat Podcast now on YouTube

  <p>You can listen to all episodes of <a href="https://cur.at/vfQoz6B">Django Chat</a> on YouTube now if you prefer listening that way.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django Forum

  ### Pre-PEP: Standardizing test dependency and command specification - Packaging / Standards - Discussions on Python.org

  <p>While technically a Python forum post, if you have thoughts on how  test dependencies could be handled with a <code>pyproject.toml</code> then this thread is for you.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Trac migration informational DEP - Feedback required - Django Internals

  <p>The group writing a DEP for a potential Trac migration is seeking input on essential Trac features, such as reports metadata fields, when comparing them to Github issues or other platforms.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### pretix/pretix

  <p>Ticket shop application for conferences, festivals, concerts, tech events, shows, exhibitions, workshops, barcamps, etc.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### benfred/py-spy

  <p>Sampling profiler for Python programs.</p>

  [None](None)