---
description: Python 3.13 release, Django 5.1.2, DSF Board Nominations, DjangoCon US
  recaps, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 254
published: 2024-10-11 10:00:00+00:00
title: Python 3.13 and Django 5.1.2 bugfix released
url: https://django-news.com/issues/254
---

# [Python 3.13 and Django 5.1.2 bugfix released](https://django-news.com/issues/254)

Python 3.13 release, Django 5.1.2, DSF Board Nominations, DjangoCon US recaps, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django bugfix release issued: 5.1.2

  <p>Three new bugfixes in the latest release. As always, the best security policy is being on the latest version of Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python 3.13.0 released

  <p>The official release for Python 3.13 and a listing of new and deprecated features.</p>

<p><a href="https://cur.at/7wpwtGv">What's New in Python 3.13</a> is a detailed look at all the new features.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python Insider: Python 3.12.7 released

  <p>The seventh maintenance release of Python 3.12 is now available.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Join the Python Developers Survey 2024

  <p>The annual Python Developers Survey is now live. This is your chance to weigh in on the current state of the language and the ecosystem around it.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django Software Foundation

  ### 2025 DSF Board Nominations

  <p>Another reminder that nominations are open for the Django Software Foundation Board. Of our 7 directors, there are 4 positions currently open, with each position serving for two years.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### If we had $1,000,000…

  <p>Jacob Kaplan-Moss expanding on his DjangoCon US talk on what the DSF might do with more money.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DSF initiatives I'd like to see

  <p>An article-length gist from Django Fellow Sarah Boyce on what the DSF Board (and new members!) might accomplish.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Thoughts on the Treasurer Role at Tech NonProfits

  <p>In light of recent fraud by the Treasurer at Pycon NZ, the author weighs in on his time as Treasurer of the Django Software Foundation.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### Wagtail vs Wordpress

  <p>Can't decide between Wagtail and Wordpress? See these two content management projects compare and which one could be the best CMS for your project.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### YOUR AD HERE

  <p>Our newsletter has a large and engaged audience of active email subscribers and an impressive open (59%) and click rate (29%). Django News has availability this quarter for single week ads or bundle deals.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Django Project Ideas

  <p>A list of Django project ideas that will help you expand your competence, whether you’re new to the framework or looking to advance your existing skills.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django: speed up tests slightly by disabling update_last_login

  <p>Django’s test client provides two methods to log in a user: login() and force_login(). The latter one is faster because it bypasses the authentication backend, including password hashing, and just sets a session to have the user logged in.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Switching from virtualenvwrapper to direnv, Starship, and uv

  <p>Trey watches us through switching from virtualenvwrapper to direnv, Starship, and uv.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Where are you? - Part 1 - Geocoding with Nominatim to empower area search

  <p>A new series on setting up Geocoding is building towards using it with Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Fellows

  ### Fellows Reports (Week 40)

  <p>Do you know the Fellows maintain a weekly listing of all their work? Well they do! Here is the latest for <a href="https://cur.at/ZIC8RSf">Natalia</a> and for <a href="https://cur.at/KppYAyL">Sarah</a>.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Forum

  ### If Django were created today, which batteries would you expect to be included in core?

  <p>Community thoughts on modernizing Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### DjangoCon US 2024 Recap - Kati Michel

  <p>Kati has the most-detailed recaps of DCUSs. Check this out for a full summary of the week's activities.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US 2024 - Short Summary

  <p>Lance Goyke's impressions of attending DCUS this year.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US 2024 Conference Wrap Up

  <p>A wrap up (with full conference photo!) of this year's event.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Design Articles

  ### HTML for People

  <p>HTML isn't only for people working in the tech field. It's for everyone. Learn how to make a website from scratch in this beginner friendly web book.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django Forum

  ### 2025 DSF board elections

  <p>An announcement and community discussion around the upcoming Django Software Foundation Board elections.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### amirreza8002/django-valkey

  <p>A Valkey cache and session backend for Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### TypeError/secure

  <p>Lightweight modern Python library to add security headers (CSP, HSTS, etc.) to Django, Flask, FastAPI, and more. Secure defaults or fully customizable.</p>

  [None](None)