---
description: "\U0001F384 Annual Django quiz, proposal to shorten django-admin, Python
  3.14 beta, and more joy. "
newsletter: Django News
number: 264
published: 2024-12-20 11:00:00+00:00
title: Django 6.x Steering Council Election Results
url: https://django-news.com/issues/264
---

# [Django 6.x Steering Council Election Results](https://django-news.com/issues/264)

🎄 Annual Django quiz, proposal to shorten django-admin, Python 3.14 beta, and more joy. 

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django 6.x Steering Council Election Results

  <p>Congrats to our new Steering Council members.</p>

<ul>
<li>Carlton Gibson</li>
<li>Emma Delescolle</li>
<li>Frank Wiles</li>
<li>Lily Foote</li>
<li>Tim Schilling</li>
</ul>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Reached 100%+ Funding!

  <p>Django successfully reached its funding goal of $200,000 for 2024. It speaks to the volunteer-nature of the project that something with so many moving parts and active contributions can thrive on such a relatively limited budget.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python Insider: Python 3.14.0 alpha 3 is out

  <p>This is an early developer preview of Python 3.14 featuring several major new features compared to Python 3.13.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Using server-side caching to speed up your applications, save on infra costs, and deliver better UX

  <p>If you’ve ever been floored by a sub-100ms response time, you’ve likely got caching to thank. Caching is the unsung hero of performance, shaving precious milliseconds off your application’s response time by storing frequently accessed data, avoiding yet another round-trip request to the database or API.</p>

<p>Let’s break down how caching works and explore a few common strategies.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### New project to shorten django-admin to django because we are not monsters

  <p>Jeff proposed a third-party Python package called  <code>django-cli-no-admin</code>, which shortens the <code>django-admin</code> command line script to just <code>django</code>.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How to show a modal in Django + HTMX

  <p>Learn how to display a Bootstrap modal using HTMX - no JavaScript required.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Object-based assets for Django’s forms.Media

  <p>A streamlined approach to managing assets in Django forms using an object-oriented design, enhancing maintainability and flexibility.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Quiz 2024

  <p>A fun annual quiz Adam Johnson conducted at the December edition of the Django London meetup.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Lazy self-installing Python scripts with uv

  <p>Trey Hunner shares his current techniques for working with uv to manage dependencies.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Single-file Django Apps with nanodjango

  <p>The creator of <a href="https://cur.at/IDXgZG0">nanodjango</a>, explains more about his project to bring Flask-level simplicity to Django, without losing any of its power.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Order, Tailwind, DRY · Applied Cartography

  <p>Justin from Buttondown explains his process for exfiltrating some higher-traffic, higher-leverage parts of Django's admin UI into some more bespoke components.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Python Bytes Podcast Episode #414 Because we are not monsters

  <p>It's a Django-packed episode.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### OmenApps/django-tomselect

  <p>Autocomplete widgets and views using TomSelect.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### inventree/InvenTree

  <p>Open Source Inventory Management System.</p>

  [None](None)