---
description: 'Django 5.2 updates, DSF Board Applications, New Wagtail LTS preview,
  and wplogin jokes for days! '
newsletter: Django News
number: 256
published: 2024-10-25 10:00:00+00:00
title: Last chance to run for the DSF Board
url: https://django-news.com/issues/256
---

# [Last chance to run for the DSF Board](https://django-news.com/issues/256)

Django 5.2 updates, DSF Board Applications, New Wagtail LTS preview, and wplogin jokes for days! 

  ----

  ## Django Software Foundation

  ### Why you should run for the DSF Board, and my goals for the DSF in 2025 - Jacob Kaplan-Moss

  <p>Applications are open for the 2025 Django Software Foundation Board of Directors – you can apply until October 25th. So, in this post I’ll do two things: try to convince you to run for the board, and document my goals and priorities for 2025.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Steering Council Wishlist for 6.X

  <p>Thoughts on what the upcoming Steering Council could/should work on.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### Wagtail 6.3a0 (LTS) release notes

  <p>For the upcoming Wagtail 6.3, which is designated as a Long Term Support (LTS) release.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Introducing the new starter kit for Wagtail CMS

  <p>Torchbox has released a new Wagtail News Template, designed to offer a high-performance, production-ready starter kit for Wagtail CMS, featuring a fully configured frontend and easy deployment to Fly.io.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### YOUR AD HERE

  <p>Our newsletter has a large and engaged audience of active email subscribers and an impressive open (59%) and click rate (29%). Django News has availability this quarter for single week ads or bundle deals.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Django from first principles, part 19 - Deploying a simple Django project.

  <p>This is the 19th post in a series about building a full Django project, starting with a single file. This series is free to everyone, as soon as each post comes out.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django and the Python 3.13 REPL

  <p>A working solution to using the new REPL in Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### My Django wishlist explained

  <p>A lengthy and well-explained wishlist of future features/upgrades for Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django's template-based form rendering: thoughts and pains

  <p>A collection of thoughts and impressions after moving to Django-native template-based form rendering with pretalx, my ~medium-sized(?) Django project.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Less htmx is More

  <p>The author's take on 2+ years of production HTMX experience.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### Django Celery Tutorial to Background tasks

  <p>A very comprehensive tutorial on Celery, what it is, how to use it in Django projects, and several examples of different Celery tasks.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### A Django Blog in 60 Seconds

  <p>It is more than possible with the help of the third-party package <code>neapolitan</code>.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### Django migrations, friend or foe? Optimize them for testing

  <p>Django migrations are a great tool, but after years of changes in a project they can become very numerous, slowing down tests. Is it possible to optimize them?</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Mapping out Berlin’s female history with Django and Leaflet.js

  <p>An introduction to the side project <a href="https://cur.at/XivMcC9">Named After Women</a>, built with Django, Leaflet.js, and React.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Hypermedia driven maps

  <p>Using Django, Leaflet.js and HTMX to seamlessly manage a CRUD geolocation app.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django and htmx Tutorial: Easier Web Development

  <p>An hour-long tutorial from Christopher Trudeau exploring how the htmx library can bring dynamic functionality, like lazy loading, search-as-you-type, and infinite scroll, to your Django web applications with minimal JavaScript.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### OmenApps/django-templated-email-md

  <p>An extension for django-templated-email for creating emails with Markdown.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### bmispelon/django_wplogin

  <p>Enhance your Django admin login page.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsorship

  ### 🌟 Sponsor Django News

  <p>Would you and your company be interested in reaching over 4,000 active Django developers? We have the Fall sponsorship inventory available.</p>

<p>Please find out more on our <a href="https://cur.at/vsY7m6Q">sponsorship page</a>.</p>

<p>Thank you for being a part of our community and supporting Django News!</p>

  [None](None)