---
description: Technical interview questions, using Factory Boy, Nox vs Tox, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 233
published: 2024-05-17 10:00:00+00:00
title: Django Developers Survey 2023 Results
url: https://django-news.com/issues/233
---

# [Django Developers Survey 2023 Results](https://django-news.com/issues/233)

Technical interview questions, using Factory Boy, Nox vs Tox, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django Developers Survey 2023 Results

  <p>The DSF is excited to share the results of last fall's Django Developers Survey, using detailed infographics to highlight how the community influences the future of web development.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### pip 24.1 betas -- help us test a major upcoming change!

  <p>The pip team has released pip 24.1b1, which contains a lot of significant improvements and bug fixes.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Boost Your Django DX, now updated for Django 5.0

  <p>Adam Johnson just updated this DX book with new content, a bunch of edits, and the latest versions of tools, including Python 3.12 and Django 5.0. Rated 5 stars with over 1,000 readers.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Django Technical Interview Questions

  <p>A list of 35 potential interview questions and answers, grouped by beginner, intermediate, and advanced.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django from first principles, part 5

  <p>The fifth post in a series about building a full Django project, starting with a single file.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Generating Fake Django Model Instances with Factory Boy

  <p>How to use Factory Boy to create hundreds of even thousands of data entries to test a Django application.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python: Show all subclasses of a class 

  <p>A handy trick using a recursive wrapper to get all subclasses of a class.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### Nox vs Tox – What are they for & How do you Choose? 

  <p>Hynek Schlawack with a 26-minute video covering both Nox and Tox.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Try Scout APM for free!

  <p>Sick of performance issues? Enter Scout's APM tool for Python apps. Easily pinpoint and fix slowdowns with intelligent tracing logic. Optimize performance hassle-free, delighting your users.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Chat #163: Funding Open Source - Jeff Triplett

  <p>Jeff (@webology) is a partner at REVSYS, a former Director and Vice Chair of the Python Software Foundation, and co-founder/former President of DEFNA. We discuss recent Django third-party packages, djangopackages.org, function-based and class-based views, the current state of Tailwind, and more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Brew: Episode 2: Sudsy Forms and Spicy Takes

  <p>Prepare for a post-apocalyptic rollercoaster adventure filled with ghost peppers into the magical realm of soapy forms!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django Forum

  ### Steering Council vote on Background Tasks DEP 14 - Django Internals - Django Forum

  <p>A requested vote on a draft DEP to add Background Workers and Tasks to Django.</p>

  [None](None)