---
description: 20 new PRs to Django, DjangoCon Europe website, finding ghost tables,
  and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 262
published: 2024-12-06 11:00:00+00:00
title: 'Django security releases issued: 5.1.4, 5.0.10, and 4.2.17'
url: https://django-news.com/issues/262
---

# [Django security releases issued: 5.1.4, 5.0.10, and 4.2.17](https://django-news.com/issues/262)

20 new PRs to Django, DjangoCon Europe website, finding ghost tables, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django security releases issued: 5.1.4, 5.0.10, and 4.2.17

  <p>Django 5.1.4 fixes one security issue with severity “high”, one security issue with severity “moderate”, and several bugs in 5.1.3.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python 3.13.1, 3.12.8, 3.11.11, 3.10.16 and 3.9.21 are now available

  <p>Another big release day! Python 3.13.1 and 3.12.8 were regularly scheduled releases, but they do contain a few security fixes. That makes it a nice time to release the security-fix-only versions too, so everything is as secure as we can make it.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### A new home for python-build-standalone

  <p>Astral is taking stewardship of python-build-standalone, Gregory Szorc's foundational project for installing portable Python distributions.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django Software Foundation

  ### Help us make it happen ❤️

  <p>And just like that, 2024 is almost over! If your finances allow, donate to the Django Software Foundation to support the long-term future of Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Updates to Django

  ### Add support for multi-column primary keys

  <p>A 19-year-old ticket just got accepted!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### API support in Wagtail: 2024 headless survey

  <p>Are you interested in building headless / API-first websites? Wagtail needs your feedback to inform Wagtail’s direction for headless support improvements as part of our 2024 Wagtail headless survey.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Debugging Python Cold Starts with Sentry Profiling: How We Improved P99 Latency.

  <p>Learn how Sentry tackled backend bottlenecks and improved API latency by several seconds. Who knows—you might pick up some tips to optimize your Django app. Read the blog.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Creating AI-based Summaries in a Django Website

  <p>Summarizing lengthy text can be tedious. This post shows how to use Simplemind and Gemini to automate this process.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django: Find ghost tables without associated models

  <p>Heavy refactoring of models can leave a Django project with “ghost tables”, which were created for a model that was removed without any trace in the migration history. Thankfully, by using some Django internals, you can find such tables.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### TIL: Django relations are not cached in model instance // Enrique Soria

  <p>Django will reevaluate relations multiple times if you let it. Here are some examples and workarounds.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Translating plain text

  <p>Dealing with extra whitespace when translating plain text in django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### On Open-Source Packagement 

  <p>Maintaining a package beyond the software. A post that covers a talk I was meant to give at the Black Python Devs Leadership Summit.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Year in Review (2024) - Will Vincent

  <p>A brief recap from Will who co-writes this newsletter :)</p>

  [None](None)

  ### 2024 Year in Review - Carlton Gibson

  <p>Former Django Fellow and current Django Chat host Carlton Gibson recaps the past year.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### DjangoCon Europe 2025 Website

  <p>Five days of talks, sprints, and tutorials in Dublin 23rd-27th April 2025.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### YOUR AD HERE

  <p>Our newsletter has a large and engaged audience of active email subscribers and an impressive open (59%) and click rate (29%). Django News has availability this quarter for single week ads or bundle deals.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### fabiocaccamo/django-extra-settings

  <p>Config and manage typed extra settings using just the django admin.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### ambient-innovation/django-removals: Package to check for known Django removals and deprecations

  <p>Package to check for known Django removals and deprecations - ambient-innovation/django-removals</p>

  [None](None)