---
description: Djangonaut Space Session 3 Applications, evolving auth.User, unbound
  Redis connections, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 249
published: 2024-09-06 10:00:00+00:00
title: 'Django security releases issued: 5.1.1, 5.0.9, and 4.2.16'
url: https://django-news.com/issues/249
---

# [Django security releases issued: 5.1.1, 5.0.9, and 4.2.16](https://django-news.com/issues/249)

Djangonaut Space Session 3 Applications, evolving auth.User, unbound Redis connections, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django security releases issued: 5.1.1, 5.0.9, and 4.2.16

  <p>Two security fixes were just released. As always, the best security measure you can take is to always be on the latest version of Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Announcing Djangonaut Space Session 3 Applications Open!

  <p>Session 3 applications are now open until September 14th.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Try Scout APM for free!

  <p>Sick of performance issues? Enter Scout's APM tool for Python apps. Easily pinpoint and fix slowdowns with intelligent tracing logic. Optimize performance hassle-free, delighting your users.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Evolving Django’s auth.User

  <p>Former Django Fellow Carlton Gibson has a lengthy and well-reasoned take on the <code>auth.User</code> model, pointing out its current limitations and forcefully arguing for some changes in future releases.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Extending the Django OAuth Toolkit Application Model Mid-project

  <p>Extending the Django OAuth Toolkit's application model mid-project can cause significant challenges, but Mariatta walks us through it.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Redis connections growing unbounded

  <p>gunicorn+gevent and Celery can be tricky. There is a setting that is often missed that keeps your Redis connections from increasing until they reach the maximum.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Implementing Search with Django CMS 4

  <p>Learn how to implement custom search functionality on a Django CMS 4 site using Django Haystack for dynamic content indexing.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Taming the beast that is the Django ORM - An introduction

  <p>A guide to navigating Django ORM's power and pitfalls, with tips on querying, performance, and avoiding common gotchas.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django: avoid “useless use of .all()”

  <p>Adam Johnson reminds us that when you write a queryset with <code>filter()</code> you do not need to use <code>all()</code>.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### Django Day Copenhagen 2024 Talk Schedule

  <p>The 9 talks for this year's conference are now live. It's a very full day.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US 2024

  <p>DCUS is coming soon, September 22-27, again in Durham, NC. Tickets for tutorials, talks, and sprints are still available.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### Django Redirects App Tutorial

  <p>A step-by-step configuration and implementation guide to Django's built-in redirects app, useful for using the admin to manage all your URL redirects.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Build a One-Product Shop With the Python Django Framework and Htmx

  <p>We'll use Django, htmx, and Stripe to create a one-product e-commerce website.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### davidism/gha-update

  <p>Update GitHub Actions version pins in GitHub workflow files. Even with grouped, monthly updates, Dependabot PRs can still be noisy, especially for smaller or stable projects. This tool allows updating pins locally, when the maintainer wants to.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### adamspd/django-appointment

  <p>A Django app for managing appointment scheduling with ease and flexibility.</p>

  [None](None)