---
description: Django News Newsletter turns five year old! Also DjangoCon US videos,
  20 new PRs for Django core, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 263
published: 2024-12-13 11:00:00+00:00
title: Django 6.x Steering Council Candidates
url: https://django-news.com/issues/263
---

# [Django 6.x Steering Council Candidates](https://django-news.com/issues/263)

Django News Newsletter turns five year old! Also DjangoCon US videos, 20 new PRs for Django core, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django 6.x Steering Council Candidates

  <p>There are 12 individuals who have chosen to stand for election and written statements of intent. Existing <a href="https://cur.at/xWD8Ont">individual members</a> are eligible to vote.</p>

<p><strong>Voting is open until 23:59 on December 17, 2024 Anywhere on Earth.</strong></p>

  [None](None)

  ### PSF Fellow Membership: Welcome 2024 Q3 Fellow Members!

  <p>Congratulations to fellow Djangonauts Jay Miller, Kojo Idrissa, and Trey Hunner, who are now Python Fellows.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django Software Foundation

  ### DSF Board monthly meeting, December 10, 2024

  <p>Meeting minutes for DSF Board monthly meeting, December 10, 2024.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### My first DSF board meeting

  <p>New DSF Board Member Paolo Melchiorre describes his first meeting and a behind-the-scenes peak at how Django is actually run.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### Gauging Community Interest: Wagtail Space 2025

  <p>The Wagtail Space organization teams are considering having a joint (US &amp; Europe) Wagtail Space 2025 in Iceland. Before we commit to this idea, we need to have a better idea of interest. Please let us know if you can attend, and what you are interested in.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### The #1 Django Podcast

  <p>Since 2019, Django Chat is a biweekly podcast covering the people and news behind Django. Hosted by former Django Fellow Carlton Gibson and LearnDjango founder Will Vincent.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Using a temporary directory inside a Django test

  <p>A quick solution to an issue involving storages and staticfiles during tests.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django: launch pdb when a given SQL query runs 

  <p>From Adam Johnson, another technique for using pdb within Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Building a Chat Backend for Wikipedia Articles in Django

  <p>A tutorial on setting up a content-aware chatbot powered by Wikipedia with a Django backend.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### The Ultimate Guide to Django Performance: Best Practices for Scaling and Optimization 

  <p>A very comprehensive guide to boosting performance in your Django app.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### A Comprehensive Guide to Python Project Management and Packaging: Concepts Illustrated with uv – Part I

  <p>The goal of this guide is to provide a comprehensive guide to Python project management and packaging, and it certainly does.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### DjangoCon US 2024 Videos

  <p>DjangoCon US 2024 Videos are live. Again!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### YOUR AD HERE

  <p>Our newsletter has a large and engaged audience of active email subscribers and an impressive open (59%) and click rate (29%). Django News has availability this quarter for single week ads or bundle deals.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Chat #172: pretix with Raphael Michel

  <p>Raphael is the founder of pretix, an open-source ticketing platform. We discuss its early iterations, the technical challenges of ticketing, using Celery and Django REST Framework, DecimalField vs IntegerField for currency, and more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### JohananOppongAmoateng/AccessibleDjango

  <p>Contribute to JohananOppongAmoateng/AccessibleDjango development by creating an account on GitHub.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### hypy13/django-daisy: A modern django dashboard built with daisyui

  <p>A modern django dashboard built with daisyui. Contribute to hypy13/django-daisy development by creating an account on GitHub.</p>

  [None](None)