---
description: Django versioning, testing with pytest fixtures, 20 packages used in
  every project, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 218
published: 2024-02-09 11:00:00+00:00
title: 'Django security releases issued: 5.0.2, 4.2.10, and 3.2.24'
url: https://django-news.com/issues/218
---

# [Django security releases issued: 5.0.2, 4.2.10, and 3.2.24](https://django-news.com/issues/218)

Django versioning, testing with pytest fixtures, 20 packages used in every project, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django security releases issued: 5.0.2, 4.2.10, and 3.2.24

  <p>This security release addresses a potential denial-of-service in <code>intcomma</code> template filter. As always, one of the best security measures is to always update your Django project's to the latest release.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Neapolitan 24.2 release

  <p>Quicker template overrides and minimal tests in the latest update.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### Find what you need faster in Wagtail 6.0

  <p>Searching and filtering and many other things are much smoother in the latest version of Wagtail.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Django and Wagtail CMS Developer Training - New Dates Live!

  <p>Build your knowledge and skills in essential Django and Wagtail CMS practices. A two-part training programme led by Senior Wagtail Developers that extends way beyond typical tutorials and documentation. Only 10 places are available per course.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Shedding light on Django versioning

  <p>Django Fellow Marisuz Felisiak explains Django's versioning scheme, release cycle, stability policies, deprecation practices, and Python support timelines and how these contribute to Django's reliability as a web development framework.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How to test with Django and pytest fixtures

  <p>Notes on how to write tests for a Django app that tests a model down to a view.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### 20 Django Packages That I Use in Every Project

  <p>An explanation of 20 different Django third-party packages that add features to any new project.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python 3.13 gets a JIT

  <p>A review of the new "copy-and-patch" just-in-time (JIT) compiler being proposed for addition to CPython in Python 3.13, explaining how it works at a high level and why this approach was chosen over other JIT techniques.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### The ultimate deployment guide

  <p>Deployment concepts, plateforms and strategies for django projects.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### Django Boston Meetup Relaunch

  <p>Django Boston is starting up again next Thursday, 4:00 - 5:00 pm at CIC Cambridge. Will Vincent is giving a talk on "Django User Model: Past, Present, Future."</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### How to Create Virtual Environments in Python

  <p>A tutorial on creating, activating, installing packages, and deactivating virtual environments in Python for Windows and macOS.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Hello, World

  <p>A beginner-friendly guide to launching a new Hello, World project in Django from scratch using the latest tools.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Queryset to Markdown Table

  <p>A good solution for generating a Markdown table from a Django queryset. Typically, people want to convert markdown into HTML, but this was a case where I needed to export data from Django to a static website.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### DjangoCon US 2023 - How to Schedule Tasks with Celery and Django

  <p>By an order of magnitude, Celery remains one of the most popular Django-adjacent packages for Python. In this talk, I'll explore what continues to make Celery a go-to solution for background and scheduled jobs with Django, how to integrate Celery with a Django project, and some common patterns to use (and avoid!) when writing tasks with Celery.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US 2023 - Django's Data Science Makeover: Integrating D3.js and Bokeh for Data Visualization

  <p>This talk explores how to integrate Django with two of the most popular data visualization libraries, D3.js and Bokeh, to create interactive and dynamic visualizations for your data science projects.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US 2023 - Postgres Performance: From Slow to Pro

  <p>A gentle introduction meant for folks who’ve never ventured into their database before or those who have been turning knobs blindly. The talk presents how Postgres uses memory and how to monitor, tune, and optimize queries.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### 

  

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Chat #166: From Django Girls to the Django Software Foundation with Kátia Nakamura

  <p>Kátia is a Board Member of the Django Software Foundation and a Framework Engineer at Fly.io. We discuss her academic background in Brazil, moving to Europe to study and work, and rotating between individual contributor and manager roles.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### mikeckennedy/listmonk

  <p>Listmonk Email App API Client for Python</p>

  [None](None)

  ### nedbat/watchgha

  <p>Live display of current GitHub action runs.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsorship

  ### Sponsor this Newsletter

  <p>Want to reach over 3,600+ active Django developers? Complete information is available on our <a href="https://cur.at/RgRdEIl">sponsorship page</a>.</p>

  [None](None)