---
description: New Django CMS Fellow, precommit hooks, avoid the count query in Django
  paginator, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 259
published: 2024-11-15 11:00:00+00:00
title: "DjangoCon Europe 2025 in Dublin, Ireland! \U0001F340"
url: https://django-news.com/issues/259
---

# [DjangoCon Europe 2025 in Dublin, Ireland! 🍀](https://django-news.com/issues/259)

New Django CMS Fellow, precommit hooks, avoid the count query in Django paginator, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Announcing DjangoCon Europe 2025 in Dublin, Ireland! 🍀

  <p>DjangoCon Europe will be held in Dublin, Ireland, from April 23rd to 27th, 2025.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django’s technical governance challenges, and opportunities

  <p>Two of the four existing members of the <a href="https://cur.at/ZeNmCHC">Django Software Foundation Steering Council</a> just stepped down to trigger a new election earlier than otherwise scheduled.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Welcoming Vinit Kumar as the Newest django CMS Fellow

  <p>Django CMS just announced its second Fellow, Vinit Kumar, who joins the existing fellow since 2022, Fabian Braun.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### Wagtail: Should we remove our upper version boundary on Django?

  <p>The Wagtail team is debating whether to remove or further relax the upper version boundary for Django to improve flexibility, balancing the benefits of allowing users to work with newer Django versions sooner with potential project compatibility issues.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### PSF and DSF Membership Application Links

  <p>A succinct overview of Python and Django membership levels, links, and how to apply.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### We Just Gave $750,000 to Open Source Maintainers

  <p>In honor of the 4th year of our Open Source Pledge, we’re excited to continue driving this important conversation. See what we’ve accomplished in 2024 here.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Avoid Counting in Django Pagination

  <p>This article looks at how to avoid the count query in Django's paginator.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### I made a precommit hook (it wasn't that bad)

  <p>Jay writes a new pre-commit hook to automate validation for meta descriptions and layout consistency on blog posts, streamlining the PR process and preventing common errors.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US 2024 Talk

  <p>Ryan Cheley reflects on the challenges and improvements in preparing his 2024 DjangoCon US talk, sharing insights into his refined time-tracking, practice techniques, and the importance of adaptability in delivering an engaging presentation.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Narrow state of a Django model using Python TypeGuard

  <p>Using TypeGuard in a Django project to address type-checking issues with nullable model fields, inspired by concepts from TypeScript.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### PyLadiesCon 2024: Announcing Our Schedule

  <p>PyLadiesCon 2024 will take place online from December 6 to 8, 2024. The program includes talks, workshops, and activities hosted by speakers from around the world.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### NanoDjango - single-file Django apps | uv integration

  <p>A dive into NanoDjango, a package that lets you build small scripts using all the power of Django, and also supports django-ninja for APIs.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Custom Logging with Django - Log to Console, File and Email

  <p>Andreas Jud demonstrates how to create a custom logger to better debug an app in production.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Chat #170: Django for the Meat Industry with Bryton Wishart

  <p>Bryton is the co-founder of Cured Compliance, an Australia-based startup providing compliance software for butchers. We discuss the inspiration behind the product, building it from scratch with Django, multitenancy, using Django Q, managing iOT with temperature gauges, and more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Episode #409 We've moved to Hetzner write-up

  <p>Python Bytes Podcast discusses moving to Hetzner, Jeff's latest UV article, and much more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### vintasoftware/django-templated-email/

  <p>Django module to easily send templated emails using django templates, or using a transactional mail provider (mailchimp, silverpop, etc.).</p>

  [None](None)

  ### kennethlove/django-drifter

  <p>A small Django utility to make it easier to revert and redo migrations or to recreate your database.</p>

  [None](None)