---
description: '2025 DSF Board Candidates, Django Girls turns 10th, Python is #1, Dracula
  theme for Django, and much, much more. '
newsletter: Django News
number: 257
published: 2024-11-01 10:00:00+00:00
title: Django Girls Turns 10
url: https://django-news.com/issues/257
---

# [Django Girls Turns 10](https://django-news.com/issues/257)

2025 DSF Board Candidates, Django Girls turns 10th, Python is #1, Dracula theme for Django, and much, much more. 

  ----

  ## News

  ### 2025 DSF Board Candidates

  <p>There are <em>21 individuals</em> who have chosen to stand for election, and here is a complete list including their candidate statements.</p>

<p>Voting closes on November 15, 2024, at 23:59 Anywhere on Earth.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Girls Blog — It's our 10th birthday!

  <p>Django Girls has turned 10!  We’re so proud to reach this momentous milestone and of everything the community has achieved!</p>

<blockquote><p>During the past decade, 2467 volunteers in 109 countries have run 1137 free workshops.  More than 24,500 women in 593 cities have attended our events, and for many of them, Django Girls was their first step towards a career in tech.</p></blockquote>

<p>The results speak for themselves.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Octoverse: AI leads Python to top language as the number of global developers surges

  <p>In this year’s Octoverse report, Python overtook JavaScript as the most popular language on GitHub.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PSF Fellow Nominations Q4 Due Date

  <p>PSF Fellow nominations for Q4 2024 are open until November 20th—nominate someone whose contributions to the Python community deserve recognition.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### A book about Django's asynchronous capabilities and the async protocols of the web such as WebSockets, Server Sent Events, Long Polling, GraphQL Subscriptions, Streaming, etc.

  

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### How to Keep Up with Django

  <p>Part 20 of Eric Matthes's excellent series focuses on staying informed about Django code and community.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Should you use uv’s managed Python in production?

  <p>The uv package manager can also install Python for you. Should you use this feature in production?</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Improving the New Django Developer Experience

  <p>The author of the new package, <a href="https://cur.at/nWEHXyc">dj-beat-drop</a>, expands on his DjangoCon US lightning talk about improving the experience for new Django developers.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Start Coding Now - Empty Image Fields in Django

  <p>A short and sweet tip about Django's <code>FileField</code> and <code>ImageField</code>s.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Commons

  <p>Django Commons is a new project similar (but with significant differences) to the long-standing Django Jazzband organization.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django TemplateYaks

  <p>Emma explores a new approach to Django template tags by introducing class-based tags for easier reusability and customization, making complex template tag creation more manageable.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Customize SaaS Apps with Django Tenant

  <p>Customize form options for multi-tenant SaaS apps with the new django-tenant-options package, which enables standardized, flexible forms across tenants while preserving data integrity and consistency.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### Modern web apps with (almost) no JavaScript: Enhancing user experience with HTMX in Django

  <p>Learn how to significantly enhance user experience with HTMX, covering practical examples like click-to-edit interfaces, infinite scrolling, and real-time search, demonstrating how HTMX can simplify development and improve performance.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Building a Data Harmonization Engine on top of Django - The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly

  <p>The story of <a href="https://cur.at/P9HE0up">Data Hub</a>, a research project in epidemiology that integrated data processing pipelines in Django, fought with the documentation to build, deployed, and tried to make reusable for use-cases in other domains.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Manage.py as the task runner

  <p>In this talk, we go through how to create, extend and replace existing management commands. We see how to use other programs from manage.py, setup proxy connections and integrate secrets.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### YOUR AD HERE

  <p>Our newsletter has a large and engaged audience of active email subscribers and an impressive open (59%) and click rate (29%). Django News has availability this quarter for single week ads or bundle deals.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Ep169: Python Core Developer - Mariatta Wijaya

  <p>Mariatta is a Python Core Team member, Python podcaster, and former PyCon Chair. We discuss her work with Python over the years, using Django in her day job, and her new consultancy, CMD Limes.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### sjbitcode/django-admin-dracula

  <p>🦇 Dracula theme for the Django admin. (Jeff's favorite theme)</p>

  [None](None)

  ### epicserve/dj-beat-drop

  <p>A CLI for creating new Django projects.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsorship

  ### 🌟 Sponsor Django News

  <p>Would you and your company be interested in reaching over 4,000 active Django developers? We have the Fall sponsorship inventory available.</p>

<p>Please find out more on our <a href="https://cur.at/PeQ0nyj">sponsorship page</a>.</p>

<p>Thank you for being a part of our community and supporting Django News!</p>

  [None](None)