---
description: DjangoTV, a new plugin system for Django, new Django template formatter,
  conference recaps, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 253
published: 2024-10-04 10:00:00+00:00
title: 2025 DSF Board Nominations
url: https://django-news.com/issues/253
---

# [2025 DSF Board Nominations](https://django-news.com/issues/253)

DjangoTV, a new plugin system for Django, new Django template formatter, conference recaps, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### PyCharm & Django Campaign 2024 - encore

  <p>Each year, our friends at JetBrains, the creators of PyCharm, run an incredible deal. You get a 30% discounted year of PyCharm, AND the DSF gets 100% of the money. Yes, 100%!</p>

  [None](None)

  ### 2025 DSF Board Nominations

  <p>Nominations are open for the 2025 Django Software Foundation Board of Directors. Of our 7 directors, there are 4 positions currently open, with each position serving for two years.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django TV

  <p>A new website dedicated to promoting Django and Python videos from conferences. <a href="https://cur.at/iTLjbVq">Read more about the inspiration here</a>.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Speaking at PyTexas - PyTexas Conference

  <p>Our CFP opens October 1, 2024 and closes December 1, 2024.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DJP: A plugin system for Django

  <p>DJP is a new plugin mechanism for Django, built on top of Pluggy. I announced the first version of DJP during my talk yesterday at DjangoCon US 2024, How to …</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Autoscaling should be easy. Judoscale makes it so.

  <p>Simplify your ops and silence the prod alerts by auto-scaling your web services and job queues. Judoscale is the platform-integrated autoscaler for Heroku, Render, and Amazon ECS.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Ensuring a block is overridden in a Django template | Tom Carrick

  <p>A clever Django trick by Tom Carrick to ensure you don't accidentally extend a base template but forget to fill out a critical block.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Let's go easy on PyPI, OK? • Michael Kennedy

  <p>Why do we pound PyPI when we have caching?</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Redis connections growing unbounded

  <p>gunicorn+gevent and Celery can be tricky. There is a setting that is often missed that keeps your Redis connections from increasing until they reach the maximum.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django UI components for perfectionists with deadlines.

  <p>A discussion of modern frontend architecture for Django projects with recommendations ranging from HTMX for interactivity, TailwindCSS for styling, and component libraries like <code>django-cotton</code> for creating reusable UI elements.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Single Sign-On with OAuth2 Proxy

  <p>How to implement single sign-on in a Django project using OAuth2 Proxy, providing a lightweight alternative to <code>django-allauth</code> by leveraging OpenID Connect authentication without adding extra Django apps or Python packages.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django: Introducing Djade, a template formatter - Adam Johnson

  <p>A new template formatter that applies rules based on the template style guide in Django’s contribution documentation, plus some more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Forum

  ### Update startproject with default login/signup/logout options

  <p>A discussion started at DjangoCon US about potentially adding more basic auth configurations to <code>startproject</code>. Please weigh in!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### DjangoCon US A Review

  <p>Jon Gould from Foxley Talent recaps a busy trip at last week's annual DjangoCon US conference.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon Design Reflection – Hello, I’m Joni

  <p>A visual look at five years of collaborating with the DCUS community on their friendly designs.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Themes from DjangoCon US 2024

  <p>Simon Willison weighs in with his major themes from the recent DCUS conference.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US 2024 Recap - Will Vincent

  <p>An overview of 6 days at DjangoCon US as a speaker, attending talks, and all the social events of the conference.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### uv IS the Future of Python Packaging 🐍📦

  <p>Hynek Schlawack weighs in on why uv 0.3.0 is so important and what's missing to be the present of Python packaging.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Lacey Henschel - DjangoCon US 2024 Perspectives

  <p>Lacey and Jay Miller talk about the value of in-person conferences, her favorite talks, advice for prospective DjangoCon US attendees, and more!</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Sarah Boyce - DjangoCon US 2024 Perspectives

  <p>Our newest Django Fellow, Sarah Boyce, discusses the differences between DjangoCon US and DjangoCon Europe, her experience in Durham, getting to meet online colleagues in person and more!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### HackSoft - Your Django Development Partner Beyond Code

  <p>Elevate your Django projects with HackSoft! Try our expert consulting services and kickstart your project.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Chat #167: DjangoCon US 2024 Recap - Tim Schilling

  <p>Tim is the Secretary of DEFNA, the organization that runs DjangoCon US each year. He is also a founder of Djangonaut.space, maintainer of django-debug-toolbar, Google Summer of Code mentor, and more. We discuss last week’s conference, current changes afoot in the Django community, his day job working at an education analytics company, and more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### simonw/djp

  <p>A plugin system for Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### adamchainz/djade

  <p>A Django template formatter.</p>

  [None](None)