---
description: What's new in Wagtail CMS 6.0, speed up `collectstatic`, Airbnb clone
  video tutorial, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 224
published: 2024-03-22 10:00:00+00:00
title: 'Django REST Framework 3.15 '
url: https://django-news.com/issues/224
---

# [Django REST Framework 3.15 ](https://django-news.com/issues/224)

What&#x27;s new in Wagtail CMS 6.0, speed up `collectstatic`, Airbnb clone video tutorial, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django REST framework 3.15 Release Notes

  <p>The first major release since September 2022 is here! Now with Django 5.0 and Python 3.12 support as well as a long list of new features.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### 🐍 Python Insider: Python 3.10.14, 3.9.19, and 3.8.19 is now available

  <p>Python 3.10.14, 3.9.19, and 3.8.19 security releases are now available.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### What’s New in Wagtail CMS 6.0: Email Newsletter Package, UI Designs, Universal Listings

  <p>There are loads to share in this episode, including features in the latest 6.0 release, a preview of the new email newsletter package, and future design possibilities.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Boost Your Django DX, now updated for Django 5.0

  <p>Adam Johnson just updated this DX book with new content, a bunch of edits, and the latest versions of tools, including Python 3.12 and Django 5.0. Rated 5 stars with over 1,000 readers.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Django: Fuss-free use of Homebrew GDAL/GEOS libraries on macOS

  <p>GeoDjango requires the GDAL and GEOS spatial libraries. Adam Johnson has some tips on how to get past this potential hurdle.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Speed up Django’s collectstatic command with Collectfasta

  <p>An update to the now-archived <code>collectfast</code> project that helps speed up Django's <code>collectstatic</code>.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python's UV tool is even better

  <p>Jeff wrote a follow-up article on how to optimize <code>uv</code>, Python package installer and resolver utility, to remove the need for a virtual environment.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### django-prose-editor – Prose-editing component for the Django admin

  <p>Based on ProseMirror, a Django-specific toolkit for building prose editors for the web.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Every dunder method in Python

  <p>An explanation of Python's 100+ dunder methods and 50+ dunder attributes, including a summary of each one.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### The simplest way to add magic link sign-in using Django

  <p>Build a sample Django app to demonstrate the simplest way to add email sign-in, aka magic link sign-in, to Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Forum

  ### Django 5.1 release - status and next steps - Announcements

  <p>Django 5.1's feature freeze date is May 22nd, and future versions of Django will be released on Wednesdays instead of Mondays.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### PyOhio 2024

  <p>PyOhio is back and will take place on Saturday &amp; Sunday, July 27-28, 2024, at The Westin Cleveland Downtown in Cleveland, OH. PyOhio is the free annual Python community conference based in Ohio.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US Call for Proposals

  <p>The CFP is still open until April 24th. Consider submitting a talk! There are resources to help if you need help with your proposal and presentation.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### What is the difference between null=True and blank=True in Django? - YouTube

  <p>When should you set <code>null=True</code> and <code>blank=True</code> in Django? What's the difference?</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Nextjs and Django Airbnb Clone

  <p>Learn how to build a full-stack clone of the popular website Airbnb using technologies like Nextjs/React and Tailwind in the front and Django with Django rest framework in the backend.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### 

  

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Pybites Podcast #155: Django, Open Source & Pycon Conferences, Paolo Melchiorre's Developer Odyssey

  <p>We explore Django's evolution with guest Paolo Melchiorre, the impact of open source, and the vibrant atmosphere of PyCons.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Chat #159: Django’s Evolution - Jacob Kaplan-Moss

  <p>Jacob is a co-creator of Django. We discuss Django’s early design decisions, community consensus vs the BDFL approach, HTMX, deployment, and more.</p>

<p>Check out Jacob's follow-up <a href="https://cur.at/E4ZShfF">Talking about Django’s history and future on Django Chat</a> post and favorite bits.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django News Jobs

  ### 💼 Four new Django Jobs for week

  <p><a href="https://cur.at/UE0Bp6m">Django Developer at Ambient</a> 🆕</p>

<p><a href="https://cur.at/J0pZn1Z">Infrastructure Engineer at The Python Software Foundation</a> 🆕</p>

<p><a href="https://cur.at/ui0zCec">Senior Django Developer at Ströer Media Deutschland GmbH</a> 🆕</p>

<p><a href="https://cur.at/edQBoAi">DevOps Engineer at Lincoln Loop</a> 🆕</p>

<p><a href="https://cur.at/RYKBT5n">Senior Python Developer at Deep Cognition India Pvt Ltd</a></p>

<p><a href="https://cur.at/1ut7V7D">Python full-stack developer (Django framework + Vue.js) at sync.blue</a></p>

<p><a href="https://cur.at/oIGgEYx">Senior Software Engineer at Valence</a></p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### piercefreeman/mountaineer

  <p>Mountaineer is a batteries-included web framework for Python and React.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### jasongi/collectfasta

  <p>A fasta collectstatic command.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### matthiask/django-prose-editor/

  <p>Prose editor for the Django admin based on ProseMirror.</p>

  [None](None)