---
description: New PRs to Django core, new Django jobs, ASGI deployment options, accessibility
  checklist, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 226
published: 2024-04-05 10:00:00+00:00
title: Django 5.0.4 bugfix release
url: https://django-news.com/issues/226
---

# [Django 5.0.4 bugfix release](https://django-news.com/issues/226)

New PRs to Django core, new Django jobs, ASGI deployment options, accessibility checklist, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django bugfix release issued: 5.0.4

  <p>Check out the Django 5.0.4 <a href="https://cur.at/OJmMEyg">release notes</a> for a list of five bug fixes in this release.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Join DEFNA! Board Member Recruitment

  <p>Django Events Foundation North America (DEFNA) is seeking another board member. This is a great chance to help grow the DjangoCon US community.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PSF News: New Open Initiative for Cybersecurity Standards

  <p>A new Open Initiative for Cybersecurity Standards by the PSF, Apache Software Foundation, Eclipse Foundation, other code-hosting open source foundations, SMEs, industry players, and researchers. This collaboration is focused on meeting the real challenges of cybersecurity in the open-source ecosystem and demonstrating full cooperation with and supporting the implementation of the European Union’s Cyber Resilience Act (CRA).</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Funding and Fundraisers

  ### Introducing PyBazaar: A Hub for Python Developers

  <p>Aidas Bendoraitis of Django Tricks is launching a fundraiser on Indiegogo for a new Python Developer Marketplace called PyBazaar.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### ⭐ My Accessibility Review Checklist

  <p> Sarah Abderemane shares her personal accessibility review checklist. Everyone should read it.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### ASGI deployment options for Django

  <p>Recently retired Django Fellow Mariusz Felisiak explores the world of ASGI servers.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### 10 reasons I stick to Django rather than FastAPI

  <p>A long-time Django developer lists his ten personal reasons for using Django even amidst the rapid rise in popularity of FastAPI.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Enforcing conventions in Django projects with introspection

  <p>How to use the great introspection capabilities in Python to help enforce naming conventions in Django projects.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Use weird tests to capture tacit knowledge

  <p>Justin Duke, the creator of <a href="https://cur.at/niTapJF">Buttondown</a>, writes about his approach to adding tests to a mature codebase as a proxy for better documentation.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Inline run dependencies in pipx 1.4.2

  <p>This article shows off Pipx 1.4.2's experimental implementation of the recently accepted PEP 723, which is tremendously useful for simple scripts &amp; utilities.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Know your (documentation) audience

  <p>Why nobody likes your docs and your Single Source of Truth isn't working.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python Project-Local Virtualenv Management Redux

  <p>An updated look at local environment management in Python.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### 

  

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Chat: Django ORM with Simon Charette

  <p>Simon is a longstanding contributor to Django and a member of the Steering Council and the Security Team. We discuss his current work at Zapier, type hints, django-ninja vs Django REST Framework, and thoughts on the future of Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Brew: Episode 1: Fried-green introverts

  <p>A fun, caffeine-powered podcast about the Django web framework by Adam Hill and Sangeeta Jadoonanan!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django News Jobs

  ### New and open jobs this week!

  <p><a href="https://cur.at/IFXS8ry">Senior Software Engineer (backend) – IASO at Bluesquare</a> 🆕</p>

<p><a href="https://cur.at/ulyJklw">Django Developer at The Developer Society</a></p>

<p><a href="https://cur.at/tAH55x0">Senior Full Stack Engineer at Carbon Equity</a></p>

<p><a href="https://cur.at/PPrnvVc">Full-stack Python Developer at Scalable Path</a></p>

<p><a href="https://cur.at/WSSINtT">Django Developer at Ambient</a></p>

<p><a href="https://cur.at/aUlkZWV">Senior Django Developer at Ströer Media Deutschland GmbH</a></p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### blacknoise – ASGI app for static file serving

  <p>blacknoise is an ASGI app for static file serving inspired by whitenoise and following the principles of low maintenance software. Black is also pre-alpha software and everything is subject to change.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### feincms/form-designer

  <p>A simple form designer for Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsorship

  ### 🌷 Spring Newsletter Sponsorships

  <p>Want to reach over 3,700+ active Django developers? Full information is available on the <a href="https://cur.at/UJeV4em">sponsorship page</a>.</p>

  [None](None)