---
description: "\U0001F389 Happy New Year! New Django Team Members, Performance Tips,
  PyCon US 2025, and must-see Projects!"
newsletter: Django News
number: 265
published: 2024-12-27 14:51:06.752000+00:00
title: New Django Accessibility Team Members, Performance Pitfalls, and PyCon US 2025!
url: https://django-news.com/issues/265
---

# [New Django Accessibility Team Members, Performance Pitfalls, and PyCon US 2025!](https://django-news.com/issues/265)

🎉 Happy New Year! New Django Team Members, Performance Tips, PyCon US 2025, and must-see Projects!

  ----

  ## News

  ### Welcome to our new Django accessibility team members

  <p>The Django Accessibility Team welcomes new members Eli, Marijke, Tushar, and Saptak, who bring valuable expertise to the project.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Django: avoid using .first() when retrieving a unique object

  <p>Avoid using .first() to retrieve unique objects in Django to avoid unnecessary performance costs from added ordering; instead, use .get() with proper exception handling for efficiency.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### This Django Template Tag is Killing Your Performance

  <p>Avoid performance pitfalls by replacing the length template filter with <code>count()</code> for <code>QuerySet</code> objects to prevent excessive memory and database usage.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Better Error Tracking in Django

  <p>Learn how to enhance error tracking in Django with Bugsink. Explore built-in features, limitations, and robust solutions for debugging and managing errors effectively.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Loopwerk: Why I still choose Django over Flask or FastAPI

  <p>Django's comprehensive features, powerful ORM, seamless migrations, and supportive community make it the go-to choice for building versatile and scalable applications.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### PyCon US 2025 Registration is open! 

  <p>PyCon US 2025 registration is open, offering flexible rates, early bird discounts, and a packed schedule of events, including tutorials, keynotes, and sprints.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Brew: Episode 4: Spoiler Alert: DjangoCon US Recap, Open Source Maintenance, and Other Spooky Stories

  <p>A fun, caffeine-powered podcast about the Django web framework by Adam Hill and Sangeeta Jadoonanan!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### RealOrangeOne/django-tasks

  <p>A reference implementation and backport of background workers and tasks in Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### joshuadavidthomas/django-language-server

  <p>A language server for the Django web framework.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### ♟️ ology/django-chess-inspector

  <p>Interactively visualize chess piece threat and protection status.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### anze3db/fedidevs

  <p>Discover amazing developers across the fediverse 🌐</p>

  [None](None)