---
description: Black Friday Sales, Django 6.x Steering Council Candidates, Django Developers
  Survey, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 261
published: 2024-11-29 11:00:00+00:00
title: 2024 Malcolm Tredinnick Memorial Prize awarded to Rachell Calhoun
url: https://django-news.com/issues/261
---

# [2024 Malcolm Tredinnick Memorial Prize awarded to Rachell Calhoun](https://django-news.com/issues/261)

Black Friday Sales, Django 6.x Steering Council Candidates, Django Developers Survey, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### 2024 Malcolm Tredinnick Memorial Prize awarded to Rachell Calhoun

  <p>This year's winner is Rachell Calhoun. Read more about her contributions to Django along with those of her follow nominees.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django 6.x Steering Council Candidate Registration

  <p>Registration is open for candidates until December 4, 2024.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### 🏷️ Python Black Friday & Cyber Monday sales (2024)

  <p>The seventh annual compilation of Python learning deals compiled by Trey Hunner.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django Software Foundation

  ### Django Developers Survey 2024

  <p>The annual Django Developers Survey is now live! It should take you about 10 minutes to complete and provides a wealth of information to the Django team and community on how Django is actually being used.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon Europe 2026 call for organizers completed

  <p>The DjangoCon Europe 2026 call for organizers is now over. We’re elated to report we received three viable proposals, a clear improvement over recent years.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Updates to Django

  ### A new simple block tag helper is coming to Django 5.2

  <p>Huge congrats to Jake Howard and Natalia Bidart for pushing this over the line!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### LearnDjango BlackFriday - 50% until December 1st!

  <p>Enjoy 50% off and lifetime access to the courses on LearnDjango.com, featuring the works of Will Vincent, author of Django for Beginners/APIs/Professionals.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Squashing Django Migrations Easily

  <p>Safely squash Django migrations in long-running projects to optimize performance and maintain migration history integrity using django-model-info</p>

  [None](None)

  ### I Built a Plugin System for DJ Press

  <p>Inspired by Simon Willison's DjangoCon talk on building plugin systems, the project DJ Press now has its own system built from scratch.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### The Practical Guide to Scaling Django

  <p>Most Django scaling guides focus on theoretical maximums. But real scaling isn't about handling hypothetical millions of users - it's about systematically eliminating bottlenecks as you grow. Here's how to do it right, based on patterns that work in production.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### GenericForeignKey Deep Filtering

  <p>A technique for using Django's GenericForeignKey to implement a kind of deep filtering of a model.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django: fix a view using a debugger with breakpoint() 

  <p>Python’s breakpoint() function opens its debugger, pdb, which pauses the program and allows you to inspect and modify things. Let’s look at an example of using it within a Django view.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Steering Council 6.x Thoughts

  <p>Tim Schilling with some extended thoughts on future members of the Steering Council might accomplish.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### Using GitHub Actions to run a Python script

  <p>Tips and code on how to use GitHub Actions to run a Python script.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Building a Chat Backend for Wikipedia Articles in Django

  <p>A tutorial that walks you through setting up a Django backend for a chat application powered by Wikipedia content to help start you on your chatbot journey.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Chat #171: Python Tooling with Hynek Schlawack

  <p>Hynek is a core Python contributor, author of the popular attrs library, and an engineer at Variomedia, a Germany-based web hosting company. We discuss Python performance, tooling (especially uv), and more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### stuartmaxwell/djpress

  <p>A blog application for Django sites, inspired by classic WordPress.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### joshuadavidthomas/django-github-app

  <p>A Django toolkit for GitHub Apps with batteries included.</p>

  [None](None)