---
description: PyCharm/Django campaign, nanodjango, Django + Celery video, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 252
published: 2024-09-27 10:00:00+00:00
title: 2025 DSF Board Nominations
url: https://django-news.com/issues/252
---

# [2025 DSF Board Nominations](https://django-news.com/issues/252)

PyCharm/Django campaign, nanodjango, Django + Celery video, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### 2025 DSF Board Nominations

  <p>Nominations are open for the 2025 Django Software Foundation Board of Directors and there are 4 positions currently open, with each position serving for two years.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PyCharm & Django Campaign 2024 - encore

  <p>The Django Software Foundation's biggest fundraising event of the year is here!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Get 30% off PyCharm. 100% Donated to Django.

  <p>Support the rapid development of Django! Until October 7th, get PyCharm for your Django development with a 30% discount via this link. All proceeds will be donated to the Django Foundation.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### nanodjango

  <p>A look at <code>nanodjango</code>, the latest in a long line of attempts to get Django to work with a single file.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### What is Django?

  <p>Thoughts on what exactly is Django, from the folks at Foxley Talent and with feedback from Paolo Melchiorre and Mariusz Felisiak.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Form save_m2m() when commit=False

  <p>A TIL on working with forms and the save() method.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### A quick guide to platforms the Django Community uses

  <p>A look at commonly-used tools to stay in touch with the Django community.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon Design Reflection

  <p>A look at DjangoCon design iterations over the years from 2018 in San Diego to 2024 in Durham, NC.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### Django & Celery - A love story of async proportions by Hugo Bessa

  <p>Our first DjangoCon US 2024 talk has seen the light of day. Other videos will be released over the next month.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Try Scout APM for free!

  <p>Sick of performance issues? Enter Scout's APM tool for Python apps. Easily pinpoint and fix slowdowns with intelligent tracing logic. Optimize performance hassle-free, delighting your users.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### lorinkoz/django-pgschemas

  <p>Django multi-tenancy through Postgres schemas.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### radiac/nanodjango

  <p>Full Django in a single file - views, models, API, with async support. Automatically convert it to a full project.</p>

  [None](None)