---
description: A focus on open source articles, new Python editions, new updates to
  Django, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 227
published: 2024-04-12 10:00:00+00:00
title: Open Source Week
url: https://django-news.com/issues/227
---

# [Open Source Week](https://django-news.com/issues/227)

A focus on open source articles, new Python editions, new updates to Django, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### PyPI: Malware Distribution and Domain Abuse

  <p>Domain names used in a malware attack, and how PyPI handled it.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### Community Spotlight: Sage Abdullah

  <p>Meet Sage Abdullah, a developer from Jakarta, whose open source journey has taken him around the world.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Boost Your Django DX, now updated for Django 5.0

  <p>Adam Johnson just updated this DX book with new content, a bunch of edits, and the latest versions of tools, including Python 3.12 and Django 5.0. Rated 5 stars with over 1,000 readers.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### 503 days working full-time on FOSS: lessons learned

  <p>Notes from the author on joining the Textualize team and working on the popular Python packages Rich and Textual.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### So your teacher wants you to do open source

  <p>Thoughts from the Flask maintainer, David Lord, on how to properly start with open source.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Deciphering Glyph :: Software Needs To Be More Expensive

  <p>Software, like coffee, is too artificially cheap, and we need to make it more expensive. This article has suggestions on how to do that.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Sentry initialization in a Django project

  <p>The story of a particular Django + Sentry setup causing an annoyance that was surprisingly tricky to fix.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How to optimize PostgreSQL queries from Django using pgMustard

  <p>A look at what pgMustard does and how to use it with the Django ORM, especially for dissecting slow queries.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Handling Big Data with Django and AgGrid

  <p>A guide to building a Django app that can handle filtering and sorting large amounts of data with AgGrid.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### DjangoCon US: Announcing Call for Community Reviewers

  <p>The call for proposals for DjangoCon US 2024 is open, and we would love to have you (yes, you!) help us select our talks and tutorials this year. If you are interested in guiding the 2024 program, this is your chance!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### Djangonaut Space 2024: Accessibility testing training

  <p>Forty minutes of accessibility testing training for Djangonaut Space participants, focusing on common issues in Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### The Complete pytest Course: From beginner to expert

  <p>From Brian Okken, author of the book, <a href="https://cur.at/veldCJS">Python Testing with pytest</a>, comes a brand-new video course on mastering pytest.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Discussing Open Source funding and sustainability on the Sustain podcast - Jacob Kaplan-Moss

  <p>Django co-creator Jacob Kaplan-Moss was a guest talking about his <a href="https://cur.at/poeFg7A">recent post</a> about open source sustainability.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### buttondown/django-typescript-routes

  <p>Generate Typescript routes from a Django URLconf.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### rq/rq

  <p>Simple job queues for Python.</p>

  [None](None)