---
description: Django roadmap ideas, Djangonaut Space updates, podcast with Simon Willison,
  and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 216
published: 2024-01-26 11:00:00+00:00
title: Apply to be the next Django Fellow!
url: https://django-news.com/issues/216
---

# [Apply to be the next Django Fellow!](https://django-news.com/issues/216)

Django roadmap ideas, Djangonaut Space updates, podcast with Simon Willison, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Announcing: The Outstanding PyLady Award

  <p>Do you know of a PyLady that should be recognized for all their work for Python and the community? Nominate them (or yourself)!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django Software Foundation

  ### DSF calls for applicants for a Django Fellow

  <p>After five years as part of the Django Fellowship program, Mariusz Felisiak will step down as a Django Fellow in March 2024 to explore other things. Mariusz has made an extraordinary impact as a Django Fellow and has been a critical part of the Django community. Applications will be open until 1200 AoE, February 16, 2024, with the expectation that the successful candidate will be notified no later than March 1, 2024.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### Wagtail 5.2.3 release notes

  <p>Two new bugfixes for the 5.2.3 release.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Wagtail 6.0 release notes - IN DEVELOPMENT

  <p>The lengthy Wagtail 6.0 release notes are currently in development.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Mid/Senior Django Backend or Full-Stack Engineer at Boutique Digital Agency

  <p>Type/Code designs and builds digital products and experiences, working with ambitious clients to bring powerful ideas to life. Our clients range from growing startups to cultural institutions to industry leaders, including Google, A24, MIT Media Lab, GE, MoMA, and Scholastic. We focus on conceiving, designing, and developing exceptional digital experiences across a wide range of mediums.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### A simple approach to running Django Core locally

  <p>Marijke Luttekes walks us through contributing to Django is one thing and how to see your changes locally.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Do we think of git commits as diffs, snapshots, and/or histories?

  <p>Git storage is weird. This is a good overview of it.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Paolo Melchiorre - My Django roadmap ideas 💡

  <p>My ideas for the informal Django roadmap session for 2024, proposed by the new DSF board member, Thibaud Colas.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Farewell, Djangosites

  <p>Time for something new to take its place.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Forum

  ### Informal roadmap & retrospective workshops for Django

  <p>DSF Board director Thibaud Colas kicked off a discussion on the Django Forum to get feedback and ideas and to kick off a workshop to discuss Django's Roadmap.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### DjangoCon US 2023: Keynote: Django the Dinosaur: A Story About A Web Framework

  <p>A talk expanding on how Django has sustained itself over the years and where it needs to go in the future. Since its beginnings in the basement of a small paper in Kansas to where it stands now, this keynote will review the past, present and future of Django in our current digital age.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US 2023: Django’s accessibility track record

  <p>Ever wonder how accessible Django is? Sites built with Django, the admin, the docs. Let’s find out! We will leverage the HTTP Archive’s websites technology dataset to quantitatively review common accessibility issues on Django projects – and then we’ll dive into Django’s implementation choices to understand the results.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US 2023: Meet-ups: A Grand Vision for a Humble Endeavor

  <p>PSF Executive Director Deb Nicholson's talk is a love letter to meetups, how they fit into our larger ecosystem and what we could work on collectively to support each other.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Django and Wagtail CMS Developer Training - New Dates Live!

  <p>Build your knowledge and skills in essential Django and Wagtail CMS practices. A two-part training programme led by Senior Wagtail Developers that extends way beyond typical tutorials and documentation. Only 10 places are available per course.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Chat #155: Datasette, LLMs, and Django with Simon Willison

  <p>Simon Willison is a co-creator of Django who is currently working on Datasette and writes actively on AI/LLMs. We discuss the current state of web technology, his role as a director of the Python Software Foundation, and the NYTimes lawsuit against OpenAI, amongst many other topics.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### sjbitcode/django-cbv-inspect

  <p>A tool to help inspect Django class-based views.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### jacobian/personal-app-template

  <p>A cookiecutter template for little personal apps using Django, Tailwind, HTMX, and deployed to Fly using Tailscale.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### stphivos/django-mock-queries

  <p>A library for mocking Django queryset functions in memory for testing.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsorship

  ### Sponsor this Newsletter

  <p>Want to reach over 3,600+ active Django developers? Full information is available on the <a href="https://cur.at/ZswlUZQ">sponsorship page</a>.</p>

  [None](None)