---
description: Getting the most out of your CV, uv updates, the template method pattern,
  and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 248
published: 2024-08-30 10:00:00+00:00
title: DjangoCon Europe 2026 Call for Organizers
url: https://django-news.com/issues/248
---

# [DjangoCon Europe 2026 Call for Organizers](https://django-news.com/issues/248)

Getting the most out of your CV, uv updates, the template method pattern, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Could you host DjangoCon Europe 2026? Call for organizers

  <p>Posted by Thibaud Colas &amp; DjangoCon Europe Support working group on August 28, 2024</p>

  [None](None)

  ### 10 years of attempting to make open source sustainable

  <p>Reflecting on 10 years of trying to make open source sustainable</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python Developers Survey 2023 Results

  <p>Official Python Developers Survey 2023 Results by Python Software Foundation and JetBrains: more than 25k responses from almost 200 countries.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### What's new in pip 24.2 — or why legacy editable installs are deprecated

  <p>A thorough write-up of what's new in pip 24.2 by a new core team member.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### Solving the messy middle: a simple block pattern for Wagtail CMS

  <p>Examine a simple pattern for building block-based content in Wagtail CMS.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### HackSoft - Your Django Development Partner Beyond Code

  <p>Elevate your Django projects with HackSoft! Try our expert consulting services and kickstart your project.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Following up "Mother of all htmx demos"

  <p>Almost 2 years since my talk at DjangoCon Europe about migrating from React to htmx. A lot has been said and asked, here is my follow-up.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Getting the Most Out of Your CV

  <p>Tips on standing out with your resume/CV from the folks at Foxley Talent.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Understanding the Template Method Pattern in Python

  <p>A look at the Template Method pattern that defines the skeleton of an algorithm in a base class but lets subclasses override specific steps of the algorithm without changing its structure.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django is for everyone

  <p>Assorted thoughts on what makes Django a great choice even for "small" websites.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Weeknotes (2024 week 35) - Matthias Kestenholz

  <p>Getting deep into htmx and django-template-partials, along with updates to a variety of third-party packages.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Production-ready Docker Containers with uv

  <p>Tips on using uv 0.3.0 with best-practice Docker container patterns.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### 🐍 UV Updates and PEP 723: Simplifying Python Packaging and Scripting

  <p>The uv: Unified Python packaging update brings fresh air to the Python community, with several improvements streamlining the development process. One exciting addition is an early preview of PEP 723, also known as Single-file scripts.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How to ask why without sounding like a jerk

  <p>As technical folks working with non-technical folks, sometimes the questions that come through are unclear. This article unpacks some ways to get around this common obstacle.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### Django Day - CFP ends September 1st

  <p>The Call for Proposals ends on September 1st for Django Day Copenhagen, taking place on October 4th.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django London Meetup September

  <p>The signup is available for the September 10 meetup at the Kraken Tech offices featuring a talk, Empowering Django with Background Workers.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Design Articles

  ### CSS Grid Areas

  <p>A fresh look at the CSS grid template areas and how to take advantage of its full potential today.</p>

<p><a href="https://cur.at/7mqTEE3">via</a></p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### Django Tailwind

  <p>How to configure Django and TailwindCSS from scratch in a new project.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Django for Beginners, Fifth Edition

  <p>The fifth edition covering Django 5.x is now available! It includes loads of new content, including sections on Django architecture, a new Company Website project, full coverage of function-based and class-based views, testing, and a revised deployment guide.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### uv 0.4.0

  <p>uv 0.4.0 adds first-class support for Python projects that are not designed as Python packages, and if you were waiting on <code>uv sync</code>, you are in for a treat.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### django-bridge/django-bridge

  <p>Build fast, user-friendly applications with Django and React.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### zsoldosp/django-currentuser

  <p>Conveniently store reference to request user on thread/db level.</p>

  [None](None)