---
description: Python 3.12.4, DjangoCon Europe bird's-eye view, file uploads with DRF,
  and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 237
published: 2024-06-14 10:00:00+00:00
title: DjangoBook.com
url: https://django-news.com/issues/237
---

# [DjangoBook.com](https://django-news.com/issues/237)

Python 3.12.4, DjangoCon Europe bird&#x27;s-eye view, file uploads with DRF, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django Book

  <p>A website of all available books on Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python Insider: Python 3.12.4 released

  <p>3.12.4 is the latest maintenance release, containing more than 250 bugfixes, build improvements and documentation changes since 3.12.3.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PSF News: It’s time to make nominations for the PSF Board Election!

  <p>This year’s Board Election Nomination period is now open and closes on June 25th</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PSF News: For your consideration: Proposed bylaws changes to improve our membership experience

  <p>The PSF has proposed three bylaw changes to improve our membership experience.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### DjangoCon Europe 2024 bird’s-eye view 🐦️

  <p>Core team member Thibaud Colas shares some of the best moments of DjangoConEU 2024.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Free Trial of Scout APM Today!

  <p>Need answers to your Django app questions fast? Avoid the hassle of talking with a sales rep and the long wait times of large support teams, and choose Scout APM. Get Django insights in less than 4 minutes with Scout APM.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Django from first principles, part 8

  <p>The eighth post in a series about building a full Django project, starting with a single file. This time styling the blogs page and collecting static files into one directory.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### File Uploads with Django & DRF

  <p>How to build a file API using the Django REST Framework. It also details how to connect Django to a cloud storage backend for production-grade systems where you're deploying many Django servers.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Weeknotes (2024 week 23) - Matthias Kestenholz

  <p>Switching everything from pip to uv and other notes.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Optimizing Test Execution: Running live_server Tests Last with Pytest

  <p>Optimizing Test Execution: Running live_server Tests Last with Pytest.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Optimal SQLite settings for Django

  <p>Recommended settings for Django web apps using SQLite after thorough research, testing, and trial and error.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### Django Day Copenhagen 2024

  <p>Djangonauts from in and around Denmark are meeting up for the second edition of Django Day Copenhagen on October 4, 2024.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### Python Web Apps: Django

  <p>Pamela Fox from Microsoft with a 90 minute deep dive into Django, the ORM, admin, and more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### The Python Show #44: Django with Will Vincent

  <p>A discussion about Python and Django featuring favorite packages, Django vs other web frameworks, what's new in Django 5.0, AI, and more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Episode 4: with Jessica Tegner

  <p>Learn about Jessica Tegner from Denmark to hear about her journey in technology, from modding Minecraft games into becoming an open source maintainer.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### The Real Python Podcast #207: Decomposing Software Problems & Avoiding the Trap of Clever Code

  <p>Covering What’s New in Django 5.1, django-web-components, and more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django News Jobs

  ### Django News Jobs for June 14th

  <p><a href="https://cur.at/A5PMpLC">Full Stack Developer - Django &amp; Vue.js at Strix Technologies</a></p>

<p><a href="https://cur.at/XhROzf0">Mid-Level Python Engineer (Django Specialist) at Klarian</a></p>

<p><a href="https://cur.at/IDZDOub">Full Stack Developer – Python at Krotos. Ltd</a></p>

<p><a href="https://cur.at/hvroIsi">Senior Software Engineer at HarperRand / CALRegional</a></p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### caddyserver/caddy

  <p>Caddy 2.8 is here! With hundreds of improvements, Caddy is more scalable and capable than ever before.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### matthiask/django-admin-ordering

  <p>Drag-drop orderable change lists and inlines done right.</p>

  [None](None)