---
description: Python 3.13.0 alpha 4, 20 Packages for every project, SQLite benchmark,
  what's new in django-ninja, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 219
published: 2024-02-16 11:00:00+00:00
title: 10 Years of Wagtail
url: https://django-news.com/issues/219
---

# [10 Years of Wagtail](https://django-news.com/issues/219)

Python 3.13.0 alpha 4, 20 Packages for every project, SQLite benchmark, what&#x27;s new in django-ninja, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Python 3.13.0 alpha 4 is now available

  <p>Python 3.13 is still in development. This release, 3.13.0a4, is the fourth of six planned alpha releases.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### django-ckeditor

  <p>Some notes about CKEditor 4 and how they impact the django-ckeditor package.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django Software Foundation

  ### Django accessibility in 2023 and beyond

  <p>The Django accessibility team has been up and running for three years and is now looking for new members.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### 10 years of Wagtail

  <p>Tom Dyson, a founding member of the Wagtail core team, shares some thoughts about how Wagtail CMS grew from a small, niche open-source project into one of the most popular Python CMSs used by NASA, Google, the National Health Service, and many other organs</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Wagtail 6.0.1

  <p>Wagtail 6.0.1 fixes three bugs.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Get Django insights in less than 4 minutes with Scout APM.

  <p>Need answers to your Django app questions fast? Avoid the hassle of talking with a sales rep and the long wait times of large support teams, and choose Scout APM.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### 20 Django Packages That I Use in Every Project

  <p>An opinionated list of 20 Django third-party packages used in almost every new project.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django SQLite Benchmark

  <p>A detailed comparison of SQLite performance under various configurations compared to default settings.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django: Join the community on Mastodon - Adam Johnson

  <p>How to join the Django community--conferences, Board Members, Fellows, etc--over on Mastodon.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### With the rise of AI, web crawlers are suddenly controversial

  <p>As unscrupulous AI companies crawl for more and more data, the primary social contract of the web is falling apart.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### Django.Social Raleigh/Durham - February 18th

  <p>If you're in the Raleigh/Durham area, the first Django.social of the year is starting on February 18th, 2:00 PM.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### The simplest way to add magic link sign-in using Django

  <p>A guide to add email sign-in (and verification) to Django using Gmail and others</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Build a Django AI colorization app

  <p>A tutorial (with video) on how to build a basic Django app that uses AI to color black and white photos.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### Know Your Limits: On Surviving Open Source by Carlton Gibson

  <p>Djangonaut Space has a YouTube channel! Former Django Fellow Carlton Gibson recently gave a talk and took questions about navigating open source.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Ninja 1.0 - What's new

  <p>The creator of django-ninja covers all the new features in the recent 1.0 release.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Build a Content Engine with Django, Kubernetes, TailwindCSS, Twingate, AWS S3, & HTMX FULL TUTORIAL

  <p>A 9+ hour long course on building a full-blown content site with Django and the latest tools.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## DjangoCon Videos

  ### DjangoCon US 2023 - HTML-ivating your Django web app's experience with HTMX, AlpineJS, and streaming HTML

  <p>Discover how HTMX, AlpineJS, and Django's HTML streaming capabilities offer a compelling alternative to JavaScript-heavy Single-Page Applications (SPAs), promising an enhanced user experience with reduced complexity and improved performance.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US 2023 - Beyond the Basics of Migrations

  <p>Dig a bit into the inner workings of migrations, and learn a bit about more advanced uses for them.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US 2023 - Inside Out: My Journey of Understanding Inclusion

  <p>Django Fellow Natalia Bidart shares her journey of understanding diversity and inclusion. It was definitely one of the highlight talks of the conference!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Django and Wagtail CMS Developer Training - New Dates Live!

  <p>Build your knowledge and skills in essential Django and Wagtail CMS practices. A two-part training programme led by Senior Wagtail Developers that extends way beyond typical tutorials and documentation. Only 10 places are available per course.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### uv: Python packaging in Rust

  <p>uv is an extremely fast Python package installer and resolver, designed as a drop-in alternative to pip and pip-tools.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### mikeckennedy/umami-python

  <p>Umami Analytics Client for Python</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PaulGilmartin/django-queryhunter

  <p>Hunt down the lines of your Django application code which are responsible for executing the most queries.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsorship

  ### Sponsor this Newsletter

  <p>Want to reach over 3,600+ active Django developers? Full information is available on the <a href="https://cur.at/AhLjUgK">sponsorship page</a>.</p>

  [None](None)