---
description: Django from first principles, using Dj-Stripe for payments, reusable
  components in Django, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 231
published: 2024-05-03 10:00:00+00:00
title: New Django Ops Team Member
url: https://django-news.com/issues/231
---

# [New Django Ops Team Member](https://django-news.com/issues/231)

Django from first principles, using Dj-Stripe for payments, reusable components in Django, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### June 2024 marks 10 incredible years of Django Girls magic! 🥳✨

  <p>Join the celebration as Django Girls turns 10 🎉 and share your experiences in our survey!</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DEFNA: Board Member Update for May 2024

  <p>Velda Kiara joins the DEFNA board, and we wish Jennifer Myers a heartfelt thank you for three years of service.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django Software Foundation

  ### Welcome our new OPS member - Baptiste Mispelon

  <p>The DSF Board is pleased to introduce Baptiste Mispelon as a new member of the Ops team that maintains Django’s infrastructure.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### Get even more organized with Wagtail 6.1

  <p>An overview of what's new in Wagtail 6.1.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How to Use ModelAdmin with Wagtail CMS v6+

  <p>As of Wagtail v6, the powerful ModelAdmin feature has been removed, but if you have extensive custom code reliant on ModelAdmin, you can use a separate package called <code>wagtail-modeladmin</code>.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Free Trial of Scout APM Today!

  <p>Need answers to your Django app questions fast? Avoid the hassle of talking with a sales rep and the long wait times of large support teams, and choose Scout APM. Get Django insights in less than 4 minutes with Scout APM.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Django: An admin extension to prevent state leaking between requests

  <p>A small protection to add to your Django projects.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django from first principles

  <p>Many people don't realize you can start a Django project with a single file. This series walks through building a simple but non-trivial project by starting with a single file.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Start Charging Customers with Django and DjStripe

  <p>Use the popular <code>Dj-Stripe</code> package to start collecting payments with about 10 minutes of set up.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Create a Django model index with an upper case empty string condition

  <p>James Beith shares a technique for creating a conditional database index.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How an empty S3 bucket can make your AWS bill explode

  <p>Imagine you create an empty, private AWS S3 bucket in a region of your preference. What will your AWS bill be the next morning?</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### Meet PyCon US Keynote Speakers

  <p>This year's PyCon US keynote speakers are Jay Miller, Kate Chapman, Simon Willison, and Sumana Harihareswara.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon Europe 2024 schedule is up

  <p>The DjangoCon Europe 2024 schedule is up and features three days of talks and workshops.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Design Articles

  ### Adactio: Journal—My approach to HTML web components

  <p>A deep-dive into HTML web components: naming custom elements, naming attributes, the single responsibility principle, and communicating across components.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### Building Reusable Components in Django

  <p>Build server-side UI components using <a href="https://cur.at/HKcFV9W">django-viewcomponent</a>.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### 

  

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Chat #162: Self-Hosted Open Source - Michael Kennedy

  <p>Michael hosts the Talk Python podcast, co-hosts Python Bytes, and runs courses at Talk Python Training. We discuss his recent shift to mainly self-hosted open-source options for everything from marketing emails to analytics and more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### rails-inspire-django/django-viewcomponent

  <p>Build reusable components in Django, inspired by Rails ViewComponent.</p>

<p>If you have been looking for a way to build reusable components in Django, this is worth checking out.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### edoburu/django-any-urlfield

  <p>An improved URL selector to choose between internal models and external URLs.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### pydanny/dj-notebook

  <p>Django + shell_plus + Jupyter notebooks made easy.</p>

  [None](None)