---
description: 'DjangoCon US 2024 Talks, Python 3.13.0 beta 4, Django for Beginners,
  and more! '
newsletter: Django News
number: 242
published: 2024-07-19 10:00:00+00:00
title: DjangoCon US 2024 Talks
url: https://django-news.com/issues/242
---

# [DjangoCon US 2024 Talks](https://django-news.com/issues/242)

DjangoCon US 2024 Talks, Python 3.13.0 beta 4, Django for Beginners, and more! 

  ----

  ## News

  ### Announcing our DjangoCon US 2024 Talks!

  <p>The complete 2024 DjangoCon US talk and tutorial lineup is now live. DjangoCon US is from September 22nd to the 27th.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PSF News: Announcing the 2024 PSF Board Election & Proposed Bylaw Change Results!

  <p>The PSF membership approved all three bylaw proposals and elected three directors to the Python Software Foundation Board of Directors.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python 3.13.0 beta 4 released

  <p>Python 3.13.0b4 is the final beta release preview of 3.13.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Django for Beginners, Fifth Edition

  <p>The fifth edition covering Django 5.x is now available! It includes loads of new content, including sections on Django architecture, a new Company Website project, full coverage of function-based and class-based views, testing, and a revised deployment guide.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Django from first principles, part 12

  <p>This project is about building a blog in Django. The article here focuses on reorganizing a project to manage increasing complexity.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### dj-stripe contains models for all the Stripe objects and can sync them for you

  <p>Lacey's TIL for quickly setting up <code>dj-stripe</code>.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Install Django with SQLite on Upsun

  <p>Upsun is a new Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS) offering from Platform.sh, and here is how to use SQLite with it.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Migration Operations aka how to rename Models

  <p>Renaming a table in Django seems more complex than it is.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Flask vs Django in 2024: A Comprehensive Comparison of Python Web Frameworks

  <p>A detailed look at the two most popular Python web frameworks. Also shows how to build two web apps with both Flask and Django to directly compare their features.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### Django Day Copenhagen CFP

  <p>The Call for Proposals is open. The third edition of this Django Day will be held on Friday, October 4th, 2024. It will be a full day of talks, followed by an evening of social events.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## DjangoCon Videos

  ### DjangoCon Europe 2024: API Maybe: Bootstrapping a Web Application circa 2024

  <p>Bootstrapping a Web Application circa 2024 by Carlton Gibson.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon Europe 2024: Empowering Django with Background Workers

  <p>Empowering Django with Background Workers by Jake Howard.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### HackSoft - The Django Experts You Can Count On

  <p>Unlock the full power of Django with our team of experts. Learn more about our consulting services.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### taobojlen/zealot

  <p>Detect N+1s in your Django app.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### philgyford/django-ditto

  <p>A collection of Django apps for copying things from third-party sites and services.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsorship

  ### 🌟 Support Django News

  <p>Interested in reaching over 3,800 active Django developers? Find out more on our <a href="https://cur.at/7j39JfA">sponsorship page</a>.</p>

<p>Thank you for being a part of our community and supporting Django News!</p>

  [None](None)