---
description: Python 3.13.0 alpha, structlog, deploying to Kubernetes, seed databases
  to improve testing, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 223
published: 2024-03-15 10:00:00+00:00
title: NGI Zero Grant for django-allauth
url: https://django-news.com/issues/223
---

# [NGI Zero Grant for django-allauth](https://django-news.com/issues/223)

Python 3.13.0 alpha, structlog, deploying to Kubernetes, seed databases to improve testing, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Python Insider: Python 3.13.0 alpha 5 is now available

  <p>Python 3.13 is still in development. This release, 3.13.0a5, is the fifth of six planned alpha releases.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PyPI: Malware Reporting Evolved

  <p>PyPI now has a new, improved way to report malware, using a "Report project as malware" button to project pages.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Get Django insights in less than 4 minutes with Scout APM.

  <p>Need answers to your Django app questions fast? Avoid the hassle of talking with a sales rep and the long wait times of large support teams, and choose Scout APM.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### django-allauth Grand Plans for 2024

  <p>The maintainer of <code>django-allauth</code> recently received a grant from NGI Zero to help move beyond the usual maintenance and incremental changes.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Structlog with Django is Awesome!

  <p>How to incorporate the <a href="https://cur.at/6WOhry9">structlog</a> Python library into a Django project for improved logging features.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Deploying Django Apps in Kubernetes

  <p>A very detailed guide from PyCharm on deployments with Kubernetes.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Djangonaut Space update: week 8, final report

  <p>A recap of the most recent Djangonaut session by Marijke Luttekes that resulted in three PRs to Django core and more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Improving Django testing with seed database

  <p>A look at using a seed database, especially in CI/CD pipelines, to improve Django testing.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### Django Boston Meetup - Django and Celery: A Love Story of Async Proportions

  <p>On March 20th, Hugo Bessa from Vinta is giving an online talk about when and how to use Celery to manage async tasks.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### Is UV the FUTURE of Python PACKAGING? 🐍📦

  <p>Astral’s uv burst without a warning into the Python scene and made a huge impression! How does it fare in the context of Python's packaging problems… and what ARE those problems in the first place?!</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Let's become confident about Django documentation - right now! by Daniele Procida

  <p>Daniele's talk to the most recent Djangonaut Space cohort.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Fosdem 2024: Django migrations, friend or foe? Optimize them for testing

  <p>Denny Biasiolli gave a recent talk all about Django migrations, how to use them, analyze test performance, and optimizations.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How to speed up your Django list view (with HTMX)!

  <p>Wondering how to deal with django-debug-toolbar telling you your "DOM loading" time is slow?</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## DjangoCon Videos

  ### DjangoCon US 2023: Decoding DDD: A Three-Tiered Approach to Django Projects

  <p>Pavel Sviridov talks about integrating Domain-Driven Design in his refactoring of a 5-year-old Django monolith.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US 2023: Building Powerful APIs with Django, Django Rest Framework, and OpenAPI

  <p>A deep dive into API development with Django, Django Rest Framework, and OpenAPI. The talk covers topics such as API design principles, request handling, response formatting, authentication, and versioning. We will also discuss best practices for documenting APIs using OpenAPI.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US 2023: The programmer's imagination

  <p>As creators of software, we're repeatedly told that we're not merely imagining the future of the world, but bringing it into being. Let's suppose that's true. What, exactly, are we imagining?</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### TestDriven.io: Full-stack Django with HTMX and Tailwind

  <p>Modernize your Django application with the agility of HTMX and the elegance of Tailwind CSS!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Brew #0: Intros, memes, and tater-tots

  <p>A brand new podcast about Django!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### adinhodovic/django-admin-shellx

  <p>A Django Admin Web Shell using Xterm.js and Django Channels.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### jrobichaud/django-structlog

  <p>Structured Logging for Django.</p>

  [None](None)