---
description: DSF membership updates, new directors, no downtime deploys, migration
  articles, and much more!
newsletter: Django News
number: 214
published: 2024-01-12 11:00:00+00:00
title: "It's Migrations week \U0001F4E6"
url: https://django-news.com/issues/214
---

# [It&#x27;s Migrations week 📦](https://django-news.com/issues/214)

DSF membership updates, new directors, no downtime deploys, migration articles, and much more!

  ----

  ## Django Software Foundation

  ### DSF membership now recognizes a much broader range of contributions to Django

  <p>The Django Software Foundation has updated its bylaws to represent better who may be a member.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DSF Board 2024 Elections – New board members 👋

  <p>Following the 2024 DSF Board Election Results, here are quick introductions from our two new board members, Sarah Abderemane and Thibaud Colas.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### Discover Wagtail AI Webinar

  <p>Whether you're a content creator, a tech enthusiast, or on the lookout for a CMS with advanced AI capabilities, this event is designed with you in mind.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Recovering deleted Wagtail pages and Django models

  <p>Accidentally deleted a Wagtail page or Django model? Start here! Jake Howard will walk you through how he saved a swath of intranet data in a pinch.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### The Complete pytest Course: From beginner to expert

  <p>From Brian Okken, author of the book, <a href="https://cur.at/uLfCmNG">Python Testing with pytest</a>, comes a brand-new video course on mastering pytest.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### No Downtime Deployments with Gunicorn

  <p>A series of tips showing that managing a Gunicorn process is not as complicated as it seems and that you don’t have to reach for Kubernetes to achieve no-downtime deployments.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Cleaning Up Your Django repo — A Holistic Approach to Managing Migration Files

  <p>How to implement the “django-migration-zero” pattern, including a CI/CD pipeline</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Collapsing Django's Migrations

  <p>If you are struggling with too many migrations, here are some tips for collapsing or squashing them.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How to Connect Django With MongoDB

  <p>A look at the possible reasons for choosing MongoDB for Django projects and what Django’s lack of official support means in practice?</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Views as Serverless Functions on Fly Machines

  <p>How to use Fly Machines to run a Django view as a serverless function.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Secrets of Security in a Django application

  <p>An overview of 10 important ways to secure your Django app.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### “Advanced Models & AI... For Dummies” — Hybrid IndyPy Meetup

  <p>Join the IndyPy tribe for "Advanced Models &amp; AI... For Dummies” on Tuesday, Jan. 23 at 7 pm ET. You can attend either in person at Eleven Fifty Academy in Indianapolis or remotely via Zoom.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### Django Stripe Tutorial

  <p>How to create a Stripe-powered Django website to handle purchases using Stripe Checkout and the latest Stripe API.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Deploy a Django application with Hetzner and Dokku

  <p>Dokku is a self-hosted Platform as a Service (PAAS) solution that you can run on Hetzner. This tutorial covers the steps to launch your own micro-PAAS in under 30 minutes!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### DjangoCon US 2023: Hosting and DevOps for Django

  <p>Production server infrastructure is a complicated beast that requires configuring and coordinating dozens of tools and services.  You have a new Django application and you're ready to deploy it; what next?  You have an existing Django application and you set up the servers yourself; what can you do better?</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US 2023: Best Practices for Making a Wagtail Site as Accessible as Possible

  <p>Learn the tools and techniques you need to make your Wagtail site as accessible as possible.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US 2023: What Django Deployment is Really About by James Walters

  <p>Beginners often stumble when it’s finally time to get their Django app online. Instead of another deployment recipe, this talk seeks to explain the fundamental concepts of deploying a Django app and equip developers to think through the process for themselves when they’re ready to make the transition from their code editor to the web.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### 

  

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Will Vincent - Django, Writing Technical Books

  <p>Will Vincent is a former board member of the Django Software Foundation who has written three books on Django, co-hosts the Django Chat podcast, and co-writes the Django News newsletter.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Chat #154: Accessibility with Sarah Abderemane

  <p>Sarah is a Backend Developer at Octopus Energy and a member of the Django Accessibility team. We discuss her work improving the Django docs and admin, starting the Djangonaut Space program, organizing Django Paris meetups, and more.</p>

  [None](None)