---
description: Developers Survey 2023 Results, Organizing staticfiles, build your own
  ChatGPT, Google Analytics alternative, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 230
published: 2024-04-26 10:00:00+00:00
title: Djangonaut Space 2024 Session 2
url: https://django-news.com/issues/230
---

# [Djangonaut Space 2024 Session 2](https://django-news.com/issues/230)

Developers Survey 2023 Results, Organizing staticfiles, build your own ChatGPT, Google Analytics alternative, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Djangonauts Space Session 2 Applications Open!

  <p>Applications are now open for the next 8-week group mentoring program, where individuals will work self-paced in a semi-structured learning environment.</p>

<p>If you want to work with Jeff on Django Packages, he is mentoring a team this session.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Developers Survey 2023 Results

  <p>The results of the Django Developers Survey 2023, which is a collaborative effort between the Django Software Foundation and PyCharm, are in!</p>

  [None](None)

  ### 10th anniversary of Django Girls Survey

  <p>Speaking of surveys, Django Girls and JetBrains have teamed up to celebrate the <strong>10th anniversary of Django Girls</strong> with a survey that is complete with prizes.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Boost Your Django DX, now updated for Django 5.0

  <p>Adam Johnson just updated this DX book with new content, a bunch of edits, and the latest versions of tools, including Python 3.12 and Django 5.0. Rated 5 stars with over 1,000 readers.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Announcing py2wasm: A Python to Wasm compiler · Blog · Wasmer

  <p>py2wasm converts your Python programs to WebAssembly, running them at 3x faster speeds</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How I organize `staticfiles` in my Django projects

  <p>Tips for configuring static files when using a framework like Tailwind.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### 🐳 GitHub Actions Cleaning up old Docker container images

  <p>Jeff wrote up some notes on how to use GitHub Actions to clean up old container images.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Sending email in Django using GMail

  <p>Did you know you can use GMail for free, low-volume email sending?</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django: Pinpoint upstream changes with Git 

  <p>How to use Django's Git repository to search the commits between versions of Django rather than just relying on release notes.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### DjangoCon US: Early-bird tickets now on sale!

  <p>DjangoCon US tickets are on sale. Early-bird individual tickets are $160 off, and early-bird corporate tickets are $100 off through May or until they sell out. Buy your ticket sooner and save a little before they are all gone!</p>

<p>Please note: DjangoCon US's CFP and Opportunity Grants have been extended through Monday, April 29th at 12 PM EDT. Check their website for updates.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django London Meetup May

  <p>Two talks at May's meetup hosted in the Kraken Tech London office.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### Learn to use Websockets with Django by building your own ChatGPT

  <p>Everything you need to know about websockets to use them in your applications, with Django, channels, and HTMX.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### Django 2024: The Latest Development Trends

  <p>We’ll take you through the latest Django Developers Survey results based on responses from 4,000 Django developers worldwide.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Free Trial of Scout APM Today!

  <p>Need answers to your Django app questions fast? Avoid the hassle of talking with a sales rep and the long wait times of large support teams, and choose Scout APM. Get Django insights in less than 4 minutes with Scout APM.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### django-allauth 0.62.0 released

  <p>With close to a dozen noteworthy changes, including adding support for logging in by email using a special code, also known as "Magic Code Login," Django-all auth 0.62.0 and 0.62.1 are worth checking out.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### umami-software/umami

  <p>Umami is a simple, fast, privacy-focused alternative to Google Analytics.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### danclaudiupop/robox

  <p>Simple library for exploring/scraping the web or testing a website you’re developing.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsorship

  ### 🌷 Spring Newsletter Sponsorships

  <p>Want to reach over 3,765+ active Django developers?</p>

<p>Full information is available on the <a href="https://cur.at/qurnOVV">sponsorship page</a>.</p>

  [None](None)