---
description: 'htmx 2.0, PyPI blocks outlook domains, a new import by string methods,
  and much more! '
newsletter: Django News
number: 238
published: 2024-06-21 10:00:00+00:00
title: htmx 2.0
url: https://django-news.com/issues/238
---

# [htmx 2.0](https://django-news.com/issues/238)

htmx 2.0, PyPI blocks outlook domains, a new import by string methods, and much more! 

  ----

  ## News

  ### </> htmx 2.0.0 has been released!

  <p>htmx 2.0 is the best thing since htmx 1.0 and is newly released.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PyPI: Prohibiting Outlook email domains

  <p>In response to ongoing mass bot account registrations, Outlook domains outlook.com and hotmail.com have been prohibited from new associations with PyPI accounts.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US: Call for Venue Proposal 2025

  <p>DEFNA is seeking proposals for a venue for DjangoCon US 2025 and ideally 2026.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### How to Remove the “Add” Button from Wagtail Admin SnippetViewSet

  <p>How to Remove the “Add” Button from Wagtail Admin SnippetViewSet.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Try Scout APM for free!

  <p>Sick of performance issues? Enter Scout's APM tool for Python apps. Easily pinpoint and fix slowdowns with intelligent tracing logic. Optimize performance hassle-free, delighting your users.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Python: Import by string with pkgutil.resolve_name()

  <p>Learn how to use classes, functions, or modules by importing them as strings.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django SQLite Production Config

  <p>Optimize your Django SQLite configuration for production.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Running Prettier against Django or Jinja templates

  <p>Learn how to use Prettier to lint Django and Jinja templates.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### Django London Meetup June

  <p>The next Django London Meetup is Thursday, June 20, 2024, 6:15 PM to 8:15 PM BST at the Kraken offices.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Pycon Ireland 2024: Call for Speakers

  <p>PyCon Ireland 2024 takes place in Dublin on November 16th and 17th. Their Call for Speakers closes on August 5th.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### Storing Django Static and Media Files on DigitalOcean Spaces

  <p>This tutorial shows how to configure Django to load and serve up static, and user-uploaded media files, public and private, via DigitalOcean Spaces, an S3-compatible object storage service with a built-in Content Delivery Network (CDN).</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### Python Tutorial: Build a SaaS App with Django, Stripe, Neon PostgreSQL, TailwindCSS, GitHub Actions

  <p>An almost 12 hour(!) free course from Coding for Entrepreneurs.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Modal Forms with Django, HTMX, and Tailwind CSS

  <p>How to convert a traditional Django form to an HTMX model element in just a few quick steps.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Awkward End-to-End Testing with Playwright

  <p>Jay Miller shows us how to use the Playwright library for end-to-end testing.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Where should DjangoCon US 2025 be?

  <p>Send us your venue proposal this summer! We are looking at conference dates of October 5-10, 2025 or October 12-17, 2025.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### feinheit/django-email-hosts

  <p>Support for several SMTP configurations in a single site.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### abe-101/mergecal

  <p>Mergecal is a Django web app that allows you to easily merge multiple iCalendar feeds into a single feed.</p>

  [None](None)