---
description: Django core demystified, reducing downtime with migrations, Single Sign-On
  tutorial, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 243
published: 2024-07-26 10:00:00+00:00
title: Django 5.1 release candidate 1 released
url: https://django-news.com/issues/243
---

# [Django 5.1 release candidate 1 released](https://django-news.com/issues/243)

Django core demystified, reducing downtime with migrations, Single Sign-On tutorial, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django 5.1 release candidate 1 released

  <p>Django 5.1 release candidate 1 is the final opportunity for you to try out a <a href="https://cur.at/W7wnPNx">kaleidoscope of improvements</a> before Django 5.1 is released.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Stack Overflow 2024 Developer Survey

  <p>The most recent results show Django remaining one of the top web framework choices.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Django for Beginners, Fifth Edition

  <p>The fifth edition covering Django 5.x is now available! It includes loads of new content, including sections on Django architecture, a new Company Website project, full coverage of function-based and class-based views, testing, and a revised deployment guide.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### til/stripe/using_dj_stripe_webhooks_locally.md

  <p>Today I Learned . Contribute to williln/til development by creating an account on GitHub.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Reducing downtime in Django with django-safemigrate · Better Simple

  <p>A thorough description of why downtime occurs during Django deployments and how to reduce it with <code>django-safemigrate</code>.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Implementing Single Sign-On (SSO) with SAML for a Django Application

  <p>A straightforward tutorial on adding SSO via SAML to a Django application, which can otherwise be a complex process.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PEP 751 – A file format to list Python dependencies for installation reproducibility

  <p>This PEP proposes a new file format for dependency specification to enable reproducible installation in a Python environment. The format is designed to be human-readable and machine-generated.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### Django core demystified by Sarah Boyce

  <p>Django Fellow Sarah Boyce recently presented a talk to the Djangonaut Space 2024 Session 2 team about Django core. If you're curious about how things work under the hood, take a look!</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Building Your First API with Django and Django Rest Framework

  <p>A 3-hour tutorial from PyCon US 2024 on Django REST Framework by Felipe de Morais and Amanda Vieira.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### django/django-asv

  <p>Benchmarks for Django using asv (airspeed velocity).</p>

  [None](None)

  ### vintasoftware/django-ai-assistant

  <p>Integrate AI Assistants with Django to build intelligent applications.</p>

  [None](None)