---
description: 'Django UI for a global audience, debugging, notes on Django 5.1 accessibility,
  PyCascades videos, and more. '
newsletter: Django News
number: 246
published: 2024-08-16 10:00:00+00:00
title: Django 5.2 News
url: https://django-news.com/issues/246
---

# [Django 5.2 News](https://django-news.com/issues/246)

Django UI for a global audience, debugging, notes on Django 5.1 accessibility, PyCascades videos, and more. 

  ----

  ## News

  ### PSF Community Service Awards to Kojo Idrissa! 🎉

  <p>Congratulations to Kojo Idrissa on his well-deserved Community Service Award. This award was given to Kojo for delivering insightful talks, organizing events like DjangoCon US, and engaging in discussions with developers and new Python developers. Kojo consistently champions the growth and inclusivity of the Python ecosystem.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Announcing PSF Fellow Members for Q1 2024! 🎉

  <p>Congratulations to Adam Johnson and Paolo Melchiorre on becoming PSF Fellows for 2024.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US Keynotes: Natalia Bidart

  <p>Django Fellow, Natalia Bidart, is keynoting DjangoCon US 2024 this fall. In-person and online tickets are available.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### VSCode Pre-Release of Running Tests

  <p>Django tests are now supported in the VS Code Python extension! This is currently a pre-release, so we appreciate any users who can try it out and provide feedback or submit bugs.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django Software Foundation

  ### DSF Board monthly meeting, August 8, 2024

  <p>Meeting minutes for DSF Board monthly meeting, August 8, 2024</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Ready to get your Django project to the next level?

  <p>At HackSoft, we offer expert Django consulting to help you build robust and scalable software. Learn more about our consulting services and get your project going.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Django 5.1 is out

  <p>A note from a contributor on accessibility changes in Django 5.1 and lessons learned implementing them.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django: create sub-commands within a management command

  <p>Sub-commands are a part of <code>argparse</code>, the Python standard library module that Django uses. Adam Johnson demonstrates an example of using sub-commands in a Django management command.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Using pytest-httpx to run intercepted requests through an in-memory Datasette instance

  <p>Simon Willison discusses testing his new tool, <code>dclient</code>, a CLI client for talking to Datasette instances.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Debug with pdb and breakpoint

  <p>All about the Python Debugger, a key part of the Python standard library.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python Packaging is Great Now: `uv` is all you need

  <p>A nice overview of Astral's <code>uv</code> packaging utility.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### Getting to know folks: A pre-conference interview

  <p>Interviews with five conference organizers: Amanda Savluchinske, Andrew Mshar, Carol Ganz, Chris Achinga, and Kojo Idrissa.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PyLadiesCon 2024 Call for Speakers is open!

  <p>PyLadiesCon will take place online, December 6th - 8th, 2024. They are hosting talks at different timezones to be inclusive of our global community. There will be no cost to attend the conference.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Build something cool with Django at DjangoCon US!

  <p>This year, the first edition of the DjangoCon US Hackathon will take place. This is your chance to learn new skills, collaborate with friendly Django developers, and showcase your creativity.</p>

<p>Join us for a day of coding, learning, and fun. Please note that we have limited seats available. Registration starts on August 20th.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Volunteer at DjangoCon US: An Opportunity to Give Back and Grow

  <p>All about opportunities to volunteer and meet other Djangonauts at DjangoCon US this year.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Design Articles

  ### No Outer margin

  <p>It is an anti-pattern to add margin to the outermost element of a component. It breaks encapsulation and makes components difficult to reuse. Let's learn what to do instead.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### "Django for a Half a Billion People" by Mohammad "Moe" Alsakhawy

  <p>How to target a global audience with your Django UI.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### "Unlock Your Full Potential with Django - My story" by Abigail Mesrenyame Dogbe

  <p>From Django Girls mentee to paid Open Source internship, this talk is about the multi-year journey of Abigail.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PyCascades 2024 Videos

  <p>Talks &amp; daily streams for PyCascades 2024</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Try Scout APM for free!

  <p>Sick of performance issues? Enter Scout's APM tool for Python apps. Easily pinpoint and fix slowdowns with intelligent tracing logic. Optimize performance hassle-free, delighting your users.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Episode #216: Learning Through Building the Black Python Devs Community

  <p>What hurdles must be cleared when starting an international organization? How do you empower others in a community by sharing responsibilities? This week on the show, we speak with Jay Miller about Black Python Devs.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### cfpb/consumerfinance.gov

  <p>The code for www.consumerfinance.gov/, a Django project protecting American consumers.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### cuducos/django-public-admin

  <p>A public and read-only version of the Django Admin.</p>

  [None](None)