---
description: Djangonaut Space debrief, Flask-like Django in a single file, optimzing
  the system check framework, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 225
published: 2024-03-29 10:00:00+00:00
title: "\U0001F389 Sarah \"New Django Fellow!\" Boyce \U0001F389"
url: https://django-news.com/issues/225
---

# [🎉 Sarah &quot;New Django Fellow!&quot; Boyce 🎉](https://django-news.com/issues/225)

Djangonaut Space debrief, Flask-like Django in a single file, optimzing the system check framework, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Welcome our new Django Fellow

  <p>Sarah Boyce is the newest Django Fellow! Read more about her background as a software developer and active member of the Django community.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PyPI halted new users and projects while it fended off supply-chain attack

  <p>PyPI temporarily halted new project creation and new user registration following an onslaught of package uploads that executed malicious code on any device that installed them.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DEFNA! Board Member Recruitment

  <p>Django Events Foundation North America (DEFNA), the non-profit behind DjangoCon US is looking for another board member.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### Technical writing, asking for help, and other things I learned during my Outreachy internship

  <p>A few lessons learned by the author during their first time working on a large-scale open-source project.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Django Streaming HTTP Responses

  <p>How and when to use Streaming HTTP responses and when not to.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Custom localhost URLs with Caddyfile on macOS

  <p>Are you a developer who uses macOS, and do you want to add project names to your localhost development URLs? Marijke shows us how.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### The Django admin is a CMS

  <p>Some thoughts on the Django admin given recent online discussions about how it is "ugly."</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django: Write-up on optimizing the system check framework

  <p>Adam Johnson provides a detailed explanation of ways to speed up the system check framework in Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How to get your issue looked at quickly

  <p>Former Django Fellow Carlton Gibson has some sage advice on moving your specific issue to the top of the queue in an open source project.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Djangonaut Space: 2024 Session 1 Mission Debrief

  <p>A look at the work of eight Djangonauts during the most recent 8-week session, which led to 23 merged PRs into Django (29 PRs total), 28 blog posts, 6 Django News "Updates to Django," and more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Will PostgreSQL Ever Change Its License?

  <p>Given Redis will no longer be released under an open source license, a Postgres core team member weighs in with his own take.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Design Articles

  ### What You Need to Know about Modern CSS (Spring 2024 Edition) – Frontend Masters Boost

  <p>Chris Coyier has written a comprehensive guide to the many new additions to CSS.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### Using breakpoints to explore your code

  <p>Eric Matthews explores Python's <code>breakpoint()</code> as a development tool.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Speed up your Django queries

  <p>Sarah Boyce has some quick tips on optimizing queries beyond the N + 1 problem.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Things I can never remember how to do: Django Signals edition

  <p>A short note from Jeff Triplett on working with Signals and a related TIL from Lacey on <a href="https://cur.at/Fp0GRXe">How I set up django-activity-stream, including a simple test</a>.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### Djangonaut Space, how we organized a mentorship program

  <p>Sarah Abderemane spoke to PyLadies about the Djangonaut Space mentorship program.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Jobs

  ### PSF News: Announcing a PyPI Support Specialist

  <p>The Python Software Foundation is hiring a person to help manage the incredible growth of PyPI.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django News Jobs

  ### Job Updates for March 29th!

  <p><a href="https://cur.at/KHweny3">Django Developer at The Developer Society</a> 🆕</p>

<p><a href="https://cur.at/bWRRNLn">Senior Full Stack Engineer at Carbon Equity</a> 🆕</p>

<p><a href="https://cur.at/2bDNI1C">Full-stack Python Developer at Scalable Path</a> 🆕</p>

<p><a href="https://cur.at/Opft3bW">Django Developer at Ambient</a></p>

<p><a href="https://cur.at/NFSC1YA">Infrastructure Engineer at The Python Software Foundation</a></p>

<p><a href="https://cur.at/8MpcyKt">Senior Django Developer at Ströer Media Deutschland GmbH</a></p>

<p><a href="https://cur.at/Pgnk42Y">DevOps Engineer at Lincoln Loop</a></p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### andrewgodwin/django-singlefile

  <p>A Flask-inspired way to get going quickly with a Django project. Very alpha but also very, very cool.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### wsvincent/django-auth-tutorial

  <p>Source code for Django authentication tutorial covering log in, log out, sign up, password change, and password reset.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### williln/til

  <p>A quite large repo from Lacey Henschel on TIL (Today I Learned) examples, often with code.</p>

  [None](None)