---
description: UserProfile tutorial, limiting content types in a model, 6.x Steering
  Council Election, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 247
published: 2024-08-23 10:00:00+00:00
title: Wagtail 6.2.1 release
url: https://django-news.com/issues/247
---

# [Wagtail 6.2.1 release](https://django-news.com/issues/247)

UserProfile tutorial, limiting content types in a model, 6.x Steering Council Election, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### PyPI Slashes Malware Response Time: 90% of Issues Resolved in Under 24 Hours

  <p>PyPI has drastically improved its malware response times, resolving 90% of issues in under 24 hours and removing 900 projects since March 2024.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### Wagtail 6.2.1 release notes

  <p>Four new bugfixes in the latest release.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Free Trial of Scout APM Today!

  <p>Need answers to your Django app questions fast? Avoid the hassle of talking with a sales rep and the long wait times of large support teams, and choose Scout APM. Get Django insights in less than 4 minutes with Scout APM.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Django UserProfile Model

  <p>How to set up a <code>UserProfile</code> model and a custom user model in your next Django project for maximum future flexibility.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How I handle versioning - Matthias Kestenholz

  <p>A somewhat unorthodox versioning method.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Limiting Content Types in a Django Model 

  <p>This article looks at how to limit the content types in a Django model.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### uv: Unified Python packaging

  <p>Today, the Astral team released a huge new release, uv 0.3.0, which adds a bewildering array of new features as part of their attempt to build "Cargo, for Python."</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Custom Error Messages on Model Deletion in the Django Admin

  <p>A way to avoid accidentally deleting models.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Creating rows for django-tables2 with HTMX

  <p>A detailed look with code at using HTMX with tables in a production Django app.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### A First-Timer's Guide to Navigating America

  <p>If you are new to international travel to the United States of America, the DjangoCon US organizers have some good advice for what to expect and how to be as prepared as one can be.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Get Active at DjangoCon US

  <p>A list of multiple exercise options in and around the conference venue.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Django for Beginners, Fifth Edition

  <p>The fifth edition covering Django 5.x is now available! It includes loads of new content, including sections on Django architecture, a new Company Website project, full coverage of function-based and class-based views, testing, and a revised deployment guide.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django Forum

  ### Preparing for the 6.x series Steering Council Election

  <p>A discussion led by Carlton Gibson about potential rule changes for the next Steering Council Election.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### michalpokusa/django-admin-action-forms

  <p>Extension for the Django admin panel that allows passing additional parameters to actions by creating intermediate pages with forms.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### jieter/django-tables2

  <p>An app for creating HTML tables.</p>

  [None](None)