---
description: Python 3.13.0 beta, build connect four with Django + HTMX, going atomic
  with QuerySets, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 232
published: 2024-05-10 10:00:00+00:00
title: Django 5.0.6 released
url: https://django-news.com/issues/232
---

# [Django 5.0.6 released](https://django-news.com/issues/232)

Python 3.13.0 beta, build connect four with Django + HTMX, going atomic with QuerySets, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django bugfix releases issued: 5.0.6 and 4.2.13

  <p>Django 5.0.6 and 4.2.13 are re-issued from Django 5.0.5 and 4.2.13 and are both bugfix additions.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python 3.13.0 beta 1 released

  <p>Python 3.13.0 beta 1 is the first of four beta release previews of Python 3.13.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PSF News: PSF Board Election Dates for 2024

  <p>PSF Board elections are a chance for the community to choose representatives to help the PSF create a vision for and build the future of the Python community. This year, there are three seats open on the PSF board.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### 2023 PSF Annual Impact Report

  <p>A 28-page visual report of the Python Software Foundation's actions in 2023.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Introducing django-harlequin, a launcher for Terminal-based SQL IDE Harlequin

  <p>From Adam Johnson, a look at his new project <a href="https://cur.at/abT6ux3">django-harlequin</a>, a SQL IDE for your Terminal connected to your Django database configuration.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Build a Connect Four game with HTMX and Django in 8 minutes

  <p>How to build a multiplayer game using HTMX and django that stores all results in your database.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Optional subfactories for Factory Boy

  <p>A look at solving a common problem related to nullable foreign keys on Django models when working with <code>Factory Boy.</code></p>

  [None](None)

  ### Going atomic with Django QuerySets

  <p>A straightforward pattern for greater simplicity and consistency</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Getting a full model instance from a Subquery

  <p>A bonus Baptiste Mispelon article on how to get model instances back from your subqueries.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Diffing unit tests to keep a copy-pasted code in sync

  <p>A bonus Adam Johnson article on how to use Python's difflib library in tests to let you know if templates changed since you last copied them into your project. This is really nice for keeping templates up to date, which tend to drift over time.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### Last call for DjangoCon Europe 2025 organizers

  <p>The DSF updated their DjangoCon Europe 2025 Call for Proposals to open up more event dates.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### Building Reusable Components in Django

  <p>This tutorial looks at how to build server-side UI components in Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Try Scout APM for free!

  <p>Sick of performance issues? Enter Scout's APM tool for Python apps. Easily pinpoint and fix slowdowns with intelligent tracing logic. Optimize performance hassle-free, delighting your users.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Python People: Shauna Gordon-McKeon - Open Source Governance, Women's Soccer, and Django

  <p>They talk about going from academia to tech, Django, Open source project governance and Governing, OpenWomens Soccer, and more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### Never-Over/bridge

  <p>Automatic infrastructure for Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### metalogico/django-sonar

  <p>DjangoSonar is a comprehensive debugging and introspection tool for Django applications, inspired by Laravel Telescope.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### django-formset Documentation

  <p>django-formset recently released the 1.4.x series and pairs well with HTMX and the Django Admin.</p>

  [None](None)