---
description: Rotating secret keys, new Django Chat episode, Python security updates,
  using django-filter, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 250
published: 2024-09-13 10:00:00+00:00
title: Python 3.13.0RC2
url: https://django-news.com/issues/250
---

# [Python 3.13.0RC2](https://django-news.com/issues/250)

Rotating secret keys, new Django Chat episode, Python security updates, using django-filter, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Python 3.13.0RC2 and security updates for 3.8 through 3.12

  <p>Python 3.13.0RC2 and security updates for Python 3.12.6, 3.11.10, 3.10.15, 3.9.20, and 3.8.20 are now available!</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US 2024 last call!

  <p>DjangoCon US starts September 22nd. It's the last call to buy an in-person or online ticket to attend this year!</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python in Visual Studio Code – September 2024 Release

  <p>The Python extension now supports Django unit tests.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### HackSoft - Your Django Development Partner Beyond Code

  <p>Elevate your Django projects with HackSoft! Try our expert consulting services and kickstart your project.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Django from first principles, part 18

  <p>The final post in a series on building and refactoring a Django blog site from scratch.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django: rotate your secret key, fast or slow

  <p>Adam Johnson covers the two main ways to rotate secret keys, including a Django 4.1 feature that allows rotating to a new key whilst accepting data signed with the old one.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### django-filter: filtering a foreign key model property

  <p>How to filter a foreign key model property with django-filter.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django: a pattern for settings-configured API clients

  <p>How to get around the problem that an API client is instantiated as a module-level variable based on some settings.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### UV with Django

  <p>Using UV to manage dependencies of your Django application.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Signatures are like backups · Alex Gaynor

  <p>"Backups don’t matter, only restores matter."</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### Django-allauth: Site Matching Query Does Not Exist

  <p>How to fix a common configuration mistake in django-allauth.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### Djangonaut Space Overview and Ask Me Anything (AMA)

  <p>This is an explanation of the Djangonaut Space program sessions, with a Q&amp;A at the end. It has specific details on Session 3 of 2024, but the information is relevant for future sessions.</p>

<p>Session 3 applications are closed on September 14th, so apply if interested!</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon EU 2013 - Class-Based Views: Untangling the mess

  <p>This talk is from 2013, but it is still relevant to anyone dealing with function-based and (generic) class-based views. Russell Keith-Magee  goes into the history of why GCBVs were added.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Try Scout APM for free!

  <p>Sick of performance issues? Enter Scout's APM tool for Python apps. Easily pinpoint and fix slowdowns with intelligent tracing logic. Optimize performance hassle-free, delighting your users.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Chat #165: Fall 2024 Podcast Relaunch

  <p>This mini-episode starts off the fall season and focuses on what’s new in Django, upcoming DjangoCon US talks, thoughts on the User model, Carlton’s new Stack Report newsletter, mentoring mentors, and more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### kennethlove/django-migrator

  <p>The Migrator project provides custom Django management commands to manage database migrations. It includes commands to revert and redo migrations for a specified app or the entire project.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### carltongibson/django-unique-user-email

  <p>Enable login-by-email with the default User model for your Django project by making auth.User.email unique.</p>

  [None](None)