---
description: DjangoCon news, podcast on a Django-powered newsletter, adding CSP support
  to Django, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 235
published: 2024-05-31 10:00:00+00:00
title: DEP 14 (Background Workers) Approved!
url: https://django-news.com/issues/235
---

# [DEP 14 (Background Workers) Approved!](https://django-news.com/issues/235)

DjangoCon news, podcast on a Django-powered newsletter, adding CSP support to Django, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django Enhancement Proposal 14: Background Workers

  <p>DEP-14 has been approved that focuses on background workers.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PSF News: Thinking about running for the Python Software Foundation Board of Directors? Let’s talk!

  <p>PSF Board elections are a chance for the community to choose representatives to help the PSF create a vision for and build the future of the Python community. This year, there are three seats open on the PSF board.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Free Trial of Scout APM Today!

  <p>Need answers to your Django app questions fast? Avoid the hassle of talking with a sales rep and the long wait times of large support teams, and choose Scout APM. Get Django insights in less than 4 minutes with Scout APM.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### This month I've been reading: Software Design by Example

  <p>Former Django Fellow Carlton Gibson with a rave review of a new software design book and its applications to the Django codebase.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### One way to fix Python circular imports

  <p>Python circular imports can be confusing. Simply using a different form of import can sometimes fix the problem.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Rapidly creating smoke tests for Django views

  <p>A management command for quickly generating tests based off Django's URL routing mechanism.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Async Task Queue with Postgres (no Kafka, Rabbit MQ, Celery, or Redis)

  <p>Quickly develop async task queues with only Django commands and PostgreSQL. You probably don't need the complexity of Kafka, RabbitMQ, or Celery.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### pyastgrep and custom linting

  <p>Methodology and sample code for using pyastgrep to do custom linting tasks on Python source code.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### DjangoCon Europe Next Week!

  <p>The full schedule and tickets are still available for the conference in Vigo, Spain June 5th-9th.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US - Early Bird Tickets end May 31st

  <p>DjangoCon US is in Durham, NC again this fall. Early bird tickets are on sale until today, May 31st!</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Day Copenhagen 2024 - Call for Proposals

  <p>Djangonauts from in and around Denmark are meeting up for the third edition of Django Day, to be held on Friday October 4th 2024. It will be a full day of talks, followed by an evening of social events.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Digital Ocean - $200 credit

  <p>DigitalOcean is a cloud computing platform that makes it easy to build, deploy, and scale applications of all shapes and sizes. Try DigitalOcean for free with a $200 credit!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Chat #164: Buttondown with Justin Duke

  <p>Justin is the founder of Buttondown, a newsletter service built with Django. We discuss scaling the code and the team behind the project, the email space in general, new developments in web development, and Django features he’d like to see.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django Forum

  ### Adding CSP support to Django - Django Internals - Django Forum

  <p>A forum discussion on adding built-in support for Content Security Policy (CSP), a crucial security feature that helps mitigate a range of attacks such as Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) and data injection attacks.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### RealOrangeOne/django-tasks

  <p>A reference implementation and backport of background workers and tasks in Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### jazzband/django-axes

  <p>Keep track of failed login attempts in Django-powered sites.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### jazzband/django-eav2

  <p>EAV storage for modern Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsorship

  ### 🌟 Support Django News

  <p>Interested in reaching over 3,800 active Django developers? Find out more on our <a href="https://cur.at/lZuWcuo">sponsorship page</a>.</p>

<p>Thank you for being a part of our community and supporting Django News!</p>

  [None](None)