---
description: Favorite new Django 5.1 features, 11 PRs to Django core, log changes
  made to an object, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 234
published: 2024-05-24 10:00:00+00:00
title: Django 5.1 alpha 1 released
url: https://django-news.com/issues/234
---

# [Django 5.1 alpha 1 released](https://django-news.com/issues/234)

Favorite new Django 5.1 features, 11 PRs to Django core, log changes made to an object, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django 5.1 alpha 1 released

  <p>Django 5.1 alpha 1 is now available. It represents the first stage in the 5.1 release cycle and is an opportunity for you to try out the changes coming in Django 5.1.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Free Trial of Scout APM Today!

  <p>Need answers to your Django app questions fast? Avoid the hassle of talking with a sales rep and the long wait times of large support teams, and choose Scout APM. Get Django insights in less than 4 minutes with Scout APM.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### What's new in Django 5.1

  <p>A few favorite features of Django 5.1, scheduled for release this August, now that the Django 5.1 alpha 1 release is available.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Commons - A home for community-maintained Django packages

  <p>Django Commons is a new GitHub organization dedicated to supporting community-maintained third-party Django packages.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Uploading Directories with Django and JSZip

  <p>Learn how to upload an entire directory with Django and the JSZip library.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### TIL: Accessibility resources #2

  <p>Sarah is a member of the Django Accessibility Team and has some good links for those interested in learning more about web accessibility.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### GraphQL-like features in Django Rest Framework

  <p>Add GraphQL-inspired flexible fields to Django REST Framework.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### DjangoCon Europe 2024

  <p>DjangoCon Europe is happening June 5-9 in Vigo, Spain. Tickets are still available.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### DjangoCon US 2024 Early-Bird Tickets Until May 31st

  <p>Tickets for DjangoCon US 2024 in Durham, NC are on sale with a massive 32% off for individuals and $100 off for corporate! 🐂 Buy your ticket here! 🐂</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### jazzband/django-auditlog

  <p>A Django app that keeps a log of changes made to an object.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### aristocratos/btop

  <p>A resource monitor that shows usage and stats for processor, memory, disks, network and processes.</p>

  [None](None)