---
description: Python 3.13.0rc1, Wagtail 6.2, AI crawlers gone wild, MFA in Django,
  PyCon US 2024 videos, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 244
published: 2024-08-02 10:00:00+00:00
title: Wagtail 6.2 Released / Python 3.13.0rc1
url: https://django-news.com/issues/244
---

# [Wagtail 6.2 Released / Python 3.13.0rc1](https://django-news.com/issues/244)

Python 3.13.0rc1, Wagtail 6.2, AI crawlers gone wild, MFA in Django, PyCon US 2024 videos, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Python Insider: Python 3.13.0 release candidate 1 released

  <p>This is the first release candidate of Python 3.13.0.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### setuptools 72.0.0 removes the test command

  <p>If you used <code>setup.py test</code> to test your Python packages, you will need to migrate to another test runner. After five years of deprecation warnings, the test command has finally been removed.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### django-allauth 64.0.0 released

  <p>A number of noteworthy changes in the most recent release of this popular package.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### Wagtail 6.2 Release

  <p>There's a lot to love in the latest release of Wagtail, including content metrics, concurrent editing, and more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Ready to get your Django project to the next level?

  <p>At HackSoft, we offer expert Django consulting to help you build robust and scalable software. Learn more about our consulting services and get your project going.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### AI crawlers need to be more respectful

  <p>We talk a bit about the AI crawler abuse we are seeing at Read the Docs, and warn that this behavior is not sustainable.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Multi-factor authentication in Django

  <p>A small tutorial and demo app showing how to enable TOTP (think applications on phone) and FIDO2 (say Yubikeys) usage.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Cost Reduction by switching to GPT-4o Mini

  <p>Analysis of switching to GTP-4o Mini to generate 4 million foal names, which halved costs and had no degradation in results.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Setting up DigitalOcean Spaces for Django Media

  <p>A walk you through on setting up Spaces for your media files.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### Announcing Our Keynotes: Sheena O'Connell

  <p>Sheena works in education technology at a non-profit called Umuzi. Umuzi finds high-potential young people and pays them to learn. It also helps its grads get and keep jobs.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### PyCon US 2024 all videos

  <p>PyCon US 2024 talks are now released on YouTube. Please note that closed captions are not yet available for all talk sessions, but they are being fixed daily.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon Europe 2024: Pair Programming after the Pandemic and Beyond

  <p>It improves code quality, reduces bugs, and enhances knowledge sharing. Learn how to implement pair programming with your team in the talk by Keanya Phelps and Tobias McNulty during DjangoCon Europe.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Django for Beginners, Fifth Edition

  <p>The fifth edition covering Django 5.x is now available! It includes loads of new content, including sections on Django architecture, a new Company Website project, full coverage of function-based and class-based views, testing, and a revised deployment guide.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### ikollipara/django-meili

  <p>Django integration with Meilisearch.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### fabiocaccamo/django-colorfield

  <p>A color field for Django models with a nice color-picker in the admin.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### franciscobmacedo/lucide

  <p>Use lucide icons in your Django and Jinja templates</p>

  [None](None)