---
description: DSF Weekly Office Hours, Django APIs in PyCharm, Django Day Copenhagen
  videos, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 255
published: 2024-10-18 10:00:00+00:00
title: DSF Weekly Office Hours
url: https://django-news.com/issues/255
---

# [DSF Weekly Office Hours](https://django-news.com/issues/255)

DSF Weekly Office Hours, Django APIs in PyCharm, Django Day Copenhagen videos, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### ➡️ Expression of interest: Django 6.x Steering Council elections

  <p>The DSF is seeking candidates for the upcoming Django Steering Council 6.x elections—interested individuals can fill out this form to express interest or get feedback on their eligibility.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Why Django supports the Open Source Pledge

  <p>Sentry is one of several partners who have launched the <a href="https://cur.at/zy6nZiu">Open Source Pledge</a>, a commitment for member companies to pay OSS maintainers meaningfully for their work.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python Insider: Python 3.14.0 alpha 1 is now available

  <p>It's now time for a new alpha of a new version of Python.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django Software Foundation

  ### Announcing weekly DSF office hours

  <p>The Django Software Foundation is opening up weekly office hours, Wednesdays at 6PM UTC, to work on and discuss various DSF initiatives.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### 2025 DSF Board Nominations

  <p>Nominations for the Django Software Foundation are OPEN until October 25th. There have been a host of articles about what the next Board might accomplish to help progress Django. Consider applying!</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DSF initiatives I'd like to see

  <p>Former Django Fellow Carlton Gibson weighs in with his top three initiatives the new Django Software Foundation Board could work on.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Deploying a Django app with Kamal, AWS ECR, and Github Actions – Dylan Castillo

  <p>A comprehensive guide on deploying a Django application using Kamal, AWS ECR, and GitHub Actions, covering VPS preparation, Dockerfile creation, AWS configuration, Kamal setup, and automation of the deployment process.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Proposal for a Django project template

  <p>A take on what could be a project template for Django advanced usage, with modern tooling (for Python and UI dependencies, as well as configuration/environment management), but not too opinionated.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Building an automatically updating live blog in Django

  <p>Django co-creator Simon Willison wrote a live blogging app for OpenAI's DevDay event.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Two weeks with uv – Oliver Andrich

  <p>Why the author is fully sold on <code>uv</code> two weeks after switching from Poetry, despite some known quirks.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Revisiting Django Built to Last

  <p>Tim Schilling reflects on the growing momentum in the Django community around fostering new contributors and maintaining reliability, as highlighted at DjangoCon US 2024.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Perks of Being a Python Core Developer

  <p>Curious what it means to be a Python core developer? Mariatta lays it all out here in this detailed post.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How I do Django APIs in PyCharm

  <p>Paul Everitt walks through how he builds APIs in Django, taking advantage of various PyCharm special features.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django + Postgres: The Hunt for Long Running Queries

  <p>Using <code>django-pgactivity</code> for application-level monitoring of database queries.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### Django Day Copenhagen 2024

  <p>The full playlist from this year's Django Day is now available on YouTube.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### EuroPython 2024 - YouTube

  <p>The videos from EuroPython 2024, held in Prague, the Czech Republic July 8-14th are now available.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Raffaella Suardini - From junior developer to Django contributor: My open source journey

  <p>Raffaella discusses how the Djangonaut Space program transformed her professional path from a junior developer to an active member of the Django community.</p>

<p>✨ Raffaella is also a frequent author of our 'Updates to Django' section on Django News. 👏</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Thibaud Colas - 2025 DSF Board Nominations

  <p>Thibaud is a Django Software Foundation Board Member (Secretary) and serves on the Django accessibility team. He is also on the core team for Wagtail and works at Torchbox. We discuss the current status of Django, the upcoming DSF Board elections, opportunities available for community members, and more.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### anexia-it/django-rest-passwordreset

  <p>An extension of Django REST Famework, providing a configurable password reset strategy.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### SmileyChris/easy-thumbnails

  <p>Easy thumbnails for Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsorship

  ### 🌟 Support Django News

  <p>Would you and your company be interested in reaching over 4,000 active Django developers? We have the Fall sponsorship inventory available.</p>

<p>Please find out more on our <a href="https://cur.at/UXCdr8E">sponsorship page</a>.</p>

<p>Thank you for being a part of our community and supporting Django News!</p>

  [None](None)