---
description: 3 Django Wishes, GitHub Actions breaking change, Thoughts on Django Core,
  and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 258
published: 2024-11-08 11:00:00+00:00
title: 'Django bugfix release issued: 5.1.3'
url: https://django-news.com/issues/258
---

# [Django bugfix release issued: 5.1.3](https://django-news.com/issues/258)

3 Django Wishes, GitHub Actions breaking change, Thoughts on Django Core, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django bugfix release issued: 5.1.3

  <p>The Django 5.1.3 update fixes three bugs in 5.1.2 and adds compatibility with Python 3.13.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Notice of breaking changes for GitHub Actions

  <p>PSA: On December 5, 2024, the <code>ubuntu-latest</code> label will change from <code>ubuntu 22</code> to <code>ubuntu 24</code>, which is expected to break things. You will want to test or change your labels proactively to avoid breaking things.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PyCon US 2025 Kicks Off: Website, CfP, and Sponsorship Now Open!

  <p>The PyCon US 2025 conference website, Call for Proposals, and sponsorship program are open!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### Level up your image accessibility and dashboards with Wagtail 6.3

  <p>Wagtail 6.3 introduces a new ImageBlock for improved alt text accessibility, a high-contrast theme for enhanced UI visibility, a streamlined dashboard, support for HEIC/HEIF image uploads, and compatibility with MariaDB, all wrapped in a long-term support release.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### YOUR AD HERE

  <p>Our newsletter has a large and engaged audience of active email subscribers and an impressive open (59%) and click rate (29%). Django News has availability this quarter for single week ads or bundle deals.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Thoughts on Django’s Core • Buttondown

  <p>Reflecting on Django's stability, maturity, and "batteries-included" philosophy, this article emphasizes leveraging the third-party ecosystem to drive innovation, while maintaining a lean core to ensure long-term project health.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### ModelForm save related objects

  <p>Baptiste Mispelon explores how to manually set fields, including many-to-many relationships, in Django ModelForms while handling save(commit=False) scenarios.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Three Django wishes

  <p>James Bennett outlines key areas for Django's future: improved governance with fresh leadership, adding type hint support, and simplifying Django's complex generic views.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Custom Django Python Migration

  <p>Learn how to create a custom Django migration to add and remove model objects with forward and backward operations.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Stability without stagnation

  <p>This article explores the balance between stability and innovation in Django, comparing its development and community dynamics to those of the EmberJS framework.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Zero Downtime Django Deployments with Multistep Database Changes

  <p>Learn how to achieve zero downtime in Django deployments with blue-green strategies and multi-step database migrations to handle backward-incompatible changes effectively.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### HTML link, or button, that is the question

  <p>Understand the key differences between HTML links and buttons, and why using each element correctly enhances accessibility, usability, and functionality on websites.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Deploying (Multiple) Django Apps to a Single Server with Kamal 2

  <p>Deploy multiple Django apps to a single server with Kamal 2, a streamlined and cost-effective approach that uses Docker and customizable health checks.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### Fighting for a better world as a Django developer

  <p>Most Django developers are freelance, underserved by trade unions. This talk highlights some ways to wield our power.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Day Lightning Talks

  <p>"Lightning talks" at Django Day Copenhagen 2023.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### heysamtexas/django-oauth2-capture

  <p>A Django app to capture OAuth2 tokens for non-authentication purposes, enabling your application to act on behalf of users across external platforms like GitHub, LinkedIn, and X (Twitter).</p>

  [None](None)

  ### joshuadavidthomas/django-bird

  <p>High-flying components for perfectionists with deadlines.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsorship

  ### 🌟 Sponsor Django News

  <p>Are you interested in connecting with a community of over 4,000 active Django developers? We currently have Winter sponsorship opportunities available!</p>

<p>Learn more about becoming a sponsor on our <a href="https://cur.at/eFxHbNu">sponsorship page</a>.</p>

  [None](None)