---
description: 13 new PRs to Django core, service layers, nested subquerys, and React
  + django-ninja video tutorial.
newsletter: Django News
number: 239
published: 2024-06-28 10:00:00+00:00
title: Django 5.1 beta 1 and Python 3.13.0 beta 3 released
url: https://django-news.com/issues/239
---

# [Django 5.1 beta 1 and Python 3.13.0 beta 3 released](https://django-news.com/issues/239)

13 new PRs to Django core, service layers, nested subquerys, and React + django-ninja video tutorial.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django 5.1 beta 1 released

  <p>Django 5.1 beta 1 is the second stage in the 5.1 release cycle and is an opportunity for you to try out the changes coming in Django 5.1.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Python 3.13.0 beta 3 released

  <p>Python 3.13.0b3 is the third of four beta release previews of 3.13. Beta release previews are intended to allow the wider community to test new features and bug fixes and prepare their projects to support the latest feature release.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PSF News: Announcing the PSF Board Candidates for 2024!

  <p>Voting for the PSF board starts on Tuesday, July 2nd.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PSF News: The Python Language Summit 2024: Python's security model after the xz-utils backdoor

  <p>Current discussions around the xz-utils backdoor and ways to avoid future situations in the Python space.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### A step-by-step course to help you deploy your Django app to a DigitalOcean droplet, set up a Postgres database and a CI/CD pipeline for a safe production environment.

  

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Django Service Layers: Beyond Fat Models vs. Enterprise Patterns

  <p>A detailed argument on the benefits of a service layer instead of placing most logic in fat models.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Djangonaut Selection Process

  <p>How Djangonaut Space selects applications for their program.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Nested Subquerys in Django

  <p>Refactoring an initial loop that triggered one set of N+1 queries and, for each of those, another query that probably gets to NM+1 queries!</p>

  [None](None)

  ### KISS Beats Accidental Complexity

  <p>Keeping things simple in an enterprise app using Django (mainly Model and Admin) and DRF.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Pivoting From React to Native DOM APIs: A Real World Example

  <p>How shifting from React to modern DOM APIs led to immediate speed and interaction improvements.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### Django Boston Meetup: How to build one-person businesses with Django

  <p>Cory Zue will be giving a talk on running multiple online businesses, most notably SaaS Pegasus, the SaaS Boilerplate for Django developers.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Design Articles

  ### Web Components Can Be Simple (Part 1)

  <p>An example of replacing BEM-based CSS with custom-element-based modular CSS.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### Wagtail Space NL 2024 videos are live! 

  <p>Wagtail Space NL 2024 conference videos are live!</p>

  [None](None)

  ### React + Django + Ninja Video Tutorial

  <p>Quickly build a Django app with django-ninja and React in under 15 minutes.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Semantic search with Django, PostgreSQL, & pgvector

  <p>Paolo Melchiorre gave a conference talk about semantic search with Django, PostgreSQL, and pgvector at POSETTE: An Event for Postgres 2024.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### FAQs About the PSF Board

  <p>Sit down with current and former PSF Board members (including Jeff) as they discuss their experiences and insights while covering multiple FAQs about the PSF Board and the upcoming election.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Free Trial of Scout APM Today!

  <p>Need answers to your Django app questions fast? Avoid the hassle of talking with a sales rep and the long wait times of large support teams, and choose Scout APM. Get Django insights in less than 4 minutes with Scout APM.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### baseplate-admin/django-ltree-2

  <p>Postgres LTree support for Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### paperless-ngx/paperless-ngx

  <p>A community-supported supercharged version of paperless: scan, index and archive all your physical documents.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### adamghill/refreshcss

  <p>Make your CSS so fresh, so clean.</p>

  [None](None)