---
description: DjangoCon Europe videos are out, how to use Vue with Django, DjangoCon
  US talks announced, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 241
published: 2024-07-12 10:00:00+00:00
title: 'Django security releases issued: 5.0.7 and 4.2.14'
url: https://django-news.com/issues/241
---

# [Django security releases issued: 5.0.7 and 4.2.14](https://django-news.com/issues/241)

DjangoCon Europe videos are out, how to use Vue with Django, DjangoCon US talks announced, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Django security releases issued: 5.0.7 and 4.2.14

  <p>Four new security issues are fixed in the latest release. As ever, being up-to-date on the latest version of Django is one of the best security measures you can take.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Announcing our DjangoCon US 2024 Talks!

  <p>The tutorial and talk lineup for DjangoCon US is now out. There is one day for tutorials, three days of talks, and two days of sprints.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Django and Tailwind integration

  <p>A step by step guide on how to integrate Tailwind in Django projects.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Keeping things in sync: derive vs test

  <p>Luke breaks down “DRY” (Don’t Repeat Yourself) vs. OAOO (“Each and every declaration of behaviour should appear Once And Only Once”) in testing.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### San Francisco Django Meetup

  <p>Coding Office Hours - Django Questions Encouraged. An online event Saturday, July 13th.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### Developing GraphQL APIs in Django with Strawberry

  <p>This tutorial details how to integrate GraphQL with Django using Strawberry.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### DjangoCon Europe 2024 Vigo videos

  <p>The first batch of DjangoCon Europe 2024 videos has been published.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### How to use Vue with Django (including Auth)

  <p>Learn to set up a Vue.js frontend with a Django backend, including secure authentication, page routing, state management, persistent state, and user registration.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Build a Django Rest API and Integrate with Next.js! 

  <p>A 6-hour course from Coding for Entrepreneurs.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Senior Django Developer at Boutique Digital Agency

  <p>Type/Code designs and builds digital products and experiences, working with ambitious clients to bring powerful ideas to life. Our clients range from growing startups to cultural institutions to industry leaders, including Google, A24, MIT Media Lab, GE, MoMA, and Scholastic. We focus on conceiving, designing, and developing exceptional digital experiences across a wide range of mediums.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### darrenburns/posting

  <p>Posting is a beautiful API client that runs in your terminal and is built with the TUI framework.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### RamezIssac/django-slick-reporting

  <p>The Reporting Engine for Django. Create dashboards and standalone Reports and Charts.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### wrabit/django-cotton

  <p>Bringing component-based design to Django templates.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsorship

  ### 🌟 Support Django News

  <p>Interested in reaching over 3,800 active Django developers? Find out more on our <a href="https://cur.at/q0IVlSo">sponsorship page</a>.</p>

<p>Thank you for being a part of our community and supporting Django News!</p>

  [None](None)