---
description: Djangonaut week 0, SQLAlchemy vs Django ORM, an improved imagefield project,
  and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 215
published: 2024-01-19 11:00:00+00:00
title: DjangoCon Europe 2025 Call for Proposals
url: https://django-news.com/issues/215
---

# [DjangoCon Europe 2025 Call for Proposals](https://django-news.com/issues/215)

Djangonaut week 0, SQLAlchemy vs Django ORM, an improved imagefield project, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### Mariusz Felisiak: "I've decided to retire from being a Django Fellow at the end of March 2024…"

  <p>Django Fellow Mariusz Felisiak announced he is stepping down after five years. Thank you for all the hard work, Mariusz!!!</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon Europe 2024 - Call for Proposals

  <p>The CFP is open until March 1st to submit your talk proposals.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PSF: EU’s Cyber Resilience Act Passes with Wins for Open Source

  <p>An important update on the EU's Cyber Resilience Act.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### PSF: Announcing the Deputy Developer in Residence and the Supporting Developer in Residence

  <p>The Python Software Foundation has welcomed Petr Viktorin as the new Deputy Developer in Residence and Serhiy Storchaka as the Supporting Developer in Residence to form a full residency team focused on improving CPython, with funding from Bloomberg and an anonymous donor.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Django Software Foundation

  ### DjangoCon Europe 2025 Call for Proposals

  <p>DjangoCon Europe 2024 will be held June 5th-9th in Vigo, Spain, but they're already looking ahead to the 2025 conference. Learn more about what it takes to host this amazing conference!</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### The Complete pytest Course: From beginner to expert

  <p>From Brian Okken, author of the book, <a href="https://cur.at/k86y0vk">Python Testing with pytest</a>, comes a brand-new video course on mastering pytest.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Djangonaut Week0: Get! Set! Go!

  <p>The first entry from a new Djangonaut in the current cohort.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django, SQLite, and the Database is Locked Error

  <p>Explains <code>database is locked</code> errors in Django when using SQLite, and how to solve them.</p>

<p>follow up in case it's resolved: https://mastodon.social/@anze3db@fosstodon.org/111765707809972642</p>

  [None](None)

  ### SQLALchemy vs Django ORM

  <p>A very detailed look at switching from the Django ORM to SQLAlchemy and how to avoid some unexpected behaviors.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### The simplest Dockerfile for PAAS

  <p>One approach to working with Tailwind, Javascript/Typescript, and Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### DjangoCon US 2023: All about djangoproject.com

  <p>An update on the development and recent updates to the djangoproject.com website.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US 2023: Powering Energy Storage Beyond Excel

  <p>A talk about transitioning from Excel to Django to enable a national installer of battery energy storage solutions to optimize energy storage configurations, enhance accuracy, ensure reliability, and improve quality assurance.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US 2023: AfroPython: Using Django to change black people life in Brazil

  <p>An exploration of the evolution of AfroPython and the impact of Python and Django on the journey.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### Tobi-De/falco

  <p>Enhance your Django developer experience: CLI and Guides for the Modern Django Developer.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### matthiask/django-imagefield

  <p>An updated image field option vs Django's built-in models.ImageField.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsorship

  ### Sponsor this Newsletter

  <p>Want to reach over 3,600+ active Django developers? Full information is available on the sponsorship page.</p>

  [None](None)