---
description: 15 new PRs to Django core, handling duplicate form submissions, complete
  authentication tutorial, and more.
newsletter: Django News
number: 217
published: 2024-02-02 11:00:00+00:00
title: htmx 2.x Migration Guide
url: https://django-news.com/issues/217
---

# [htmx 2.x Migration Guide](https://django-news.com/issues/217)

15 new PRs to Django core, handling duplicate form submissions, complete authentication tutorial, and more.

  ----

  ## News

  ### PSF News: Kicking off 2024 strong, thanks to our community!

  <p>The PSF is starting the year feeling energized and supported, thanks to each of you who shared or donated to the year-end fundraiser and membership drive.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### </> htmx ~ htmx 1.x → htmx 2.x Migration Guide

  <p>The purpose of this guide is to provide instructions for migrations from htmx 1.x to htmx 2.x. We place a very high value on backwards compatibility, so in most cases this migrations should require very little, if any, work.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Wagtail CMS

  ### Community Spotlight: Vince Salvino

  <p>Meet the founder of CodeRed and creator of Wagtail-CRX</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 1

  ### Boost Your Django DX, now updated for Django 5.0

  <p>Adam Johnson just updated this DX book with new content, a bunch of edits, and the latest versions of tools, including Python 3.12 and Django 5.0. Rated 5 stars with over 1,000 readers.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Articles

  ### Duplicate form submissions and how to handle them in Django

  <p>A look at duplicate form submissions, understand the problem and fix it with a nice server-side solution.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### A simple approach to running Django Core locally

  <p>How to create a Django project running on a local copy of Django Core using a simple setup (e.g., no Docker, Poetry, and all that).</p>

  [None](None)

  ### The simplest way to add Google sign-in to your Django app

  <p>Add Google sign in without using <code>django-allauth</code> or <code>django-social-auth</code>.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Safely rewriting complex code

  <p>A discussion of techniques for safely refactoring complex legacy code to make it more maintainable, including adding tests, small steps, and analyzing dependencies.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Inside .git

  <p>A text version of Julia Evans's recent comic on what's actually happening in the .git directory, featuring a ~15 word explanation of each part of it.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Events

  ### PyCon US Hatchery is Back in 2024!

  <p>We are pleased to announce the return of the Hatchery program in PyCon US 2024. This program offers pathways for PyCon US attendees to introduce new tracks, activities, summits, demos, etc., at PyCon US—activities that all share and fulfill the Python Software Foundation’s mission within the PyCon US schedule.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django London Meetup February

  <p>The next London meetup is at the Kraken Tech (Octopus Energy Group) London office this Monday! The talk is on "Battle-Tested Tips for Maximizing Learning from Tech Incidents."</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Tutorials

  ### Django Email and Contact Form Tutorial

  <p>Learn how to quickly setup a Django contact form that sends email first locally and then in production via services like SendGrid, mailgun, and SES.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### Django Login, Logout, Signup, Password Change, and Password Reset

  <p>A big Django 5.0 update to an existing tutorial series, now combined into one mega-post covering all you need to know for a complete user authentication flow in Django.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Videos

  ### Don't Buy the "A.I." Hype

  <p>A talk questioning whether "A.I" will change everything.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US 2023: Contributing to Django or how I learned to stop worrying and just try to fix an ORM Bug

  <p>You may think the Django ORM is big and scary, but at the end of the day, it's just Python. A talk by Ryan Cheley on his experiences fixing an ORM bug with help from the community.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### DjangoCon US 2023 - Keynote: Testing Modern Web Apps Like a Champion

  <p>How to thoroughly test a modern web app through all its layers: unit testing, component testing, API testing for integrations, end-to-end testing, performance and load testing, and continuous testing as part of DevOps pipelines.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsored Link 2

  ### Django and Wagtail CMS Developer Training - New Dates Live!

  <p>Build your knowledge and skills in essential Django and Wagtail CMS practices. A two-part training programme led by Senior Wagtail Developers that extends way beyond typical tutorials and documentation. Only 10 places are available per course.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Podcasts

  ### Django Girls Podcast: From Coder to Leader - Making the Engineering Management Switch with Lisa Quatmann

  <p>This episode features Lisa Quatmann, a Sr. Engineering Manager with an interesting journey. From representation to how DjangoGirls taught her skills that became relevant in her role, she shares resources and tips for growing in your career.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Projects

  ### occipital/django-content-settings

  <p>The <code>django-content-settings</code> module offers users the ability to easily create and manage editable variables directly from the Django admin panel.</p>

  [None](None)

  ### procrastinate-org/procrastinate

  <p>PostgreSQL-based Task Queue for Python.</p>

  [None](None)

  ----

  ## Sponsorship

  ### Sponsor this Newsletter

  <p>Want to reach over 3,600+ active Django developers? Full information is available on the <a href="https://cur.at/5ZLBFBf">sponsorship page</a>.</p>

  [None](None)